

===== PDF page 79 =====

ADEPTUS ASTARTES
ADEPTUS ASTARTES
The Adeptus Astartes, more commonly known
throughout the Imperium as Space Marines, are
Humanity’ sfinest warriors. Each is a genetically
modified super-soldier, a warrior of superlative skill,
courage, strength and resilience that wields the finest
weapons and wargear the Imperium can provide.
Space Marines are organised into Chapters, each a
self-contained and autonomous fighting force furnished
with its own spacecraft, fleet of armoured combat
vehicles and – in most cases – its own world or worlds
that it rules and recruits from as the Chapter’ smasters
see fit. Every Chapter has its own warrior culture, its
own heraldry and traditions, and its own preferred
combat doctrines. In many cases these derive from
the tome known as the Codex Astartes, with such
exemplary Chapters as the Ultramarines, the Imperial
Fists and the Novamarines embodying its strategic
tenets. Other Chapters emphasise specific aspects of
the Codex’ steachings, from the stealth specialists of the
Raven Guard and the swift hunters of the White Scars,
to the zealous Black T emplars,the noble Blood Angels
and the ruthlessly logical Iron Hands.
Space Marines are accustomed to fighting in compact,
elite strike forces, and thus form kill teams with ease.
Each battle-brother brings with him strengths and
specialisms honed on battlefields across the galaxy,
complementing those of the warriors around him to
forge an exceptionally powerful dedicated task force.
Whether despatched to assassinate a key enemy leader,
secure a site of great strategic importance, or recover a
vital dignitary or sacred artefact, the kill teams of the
Adeptus Astartes make use of their unparalleled training
and equipment to eliminate any enemy that stands
before them, completing their mission with terrifying
efficiency in the Emperor’ sname.
Every battle-brother in an Adeptus Astartes kill team
is like an army unto himself, capable of tearing his way
through throngs of lesser foes or facing down the most
monstrous threats to the Imperium with a broad variety
of arms and equipment. Genetic enhancement, psycho-
hypnotic indoctrination and unfailing discipline allow
these warriors to operate at peak effectiveness for days
without rest or sustenance, allowing them to conduct
pinpoint strikes or carve paths of destruction deep
behind enemy lines, all while adapting with incredible
speed to each new threat as it develops.
The Adeptus Astartes are the Imperium’sAngels of Death. They descend from the skies upon trails of fire
to bring swift and bloody destruction to the enemies of Mankind, for they know no fear. By rolling the
appropriate dice on the tables on the following pages, you can generate names and background for your
Adeptus Astartes kill teams.
THE HOLY BOLTER
Of all the weapons used by the Emperor’ sSpace
Marines, none are more iconic of their might than
those that fire self-propelled micro-missiles known
as bolt shells. From the widely used boltgun and
the compact but deadly bolt pistol, to the more
specialised bolt rifles and bolt carbines of the
Primaris Space Marines, variants of bolt weaponry
are seen throughout the arsenal of the Adeptus
Astartes. Armour piercing and calibrated to
detonate inside their target for maximum damage,
a salvo of bolt shells can put paid to even the most
formidable foes.
78

===== PDF page 80 =====

D10 MISSION: OATH OF MOMENT
1 Shock and Awe: The enemy must be not just defeated, but scattered to the four winds, sent fleeing in mindless terror before
the Emperor’ swrath.
2 Assassination: Whether it be a tainted sorcerer or a xenos war-leader, a crucial enemy target must be eliminated at all costs.
3 Secure and Control: The Emperor’ sSpace Marines excel in striking swiftly and utterly dominating crucial
battlefield locations.
4 Hold the Line: With the enemy pushing hard, this kill team must form an unbreakable line to halt their advance.
5 Hit and Run: Moving fast and striking hard, the Space Marines must eliminate their target then disengage before the foe even
realises the danger.
6 Scouting Mission: These battle-brothers must slip deep behind enemy lines and banish the shadows of ignorance with the
Emperor’ sinescapable light.
7 Rescue Mission: With time running out, this kill team must slay the enemy and recover their target before it is too late.
8 Eliminate Target: Whether it be a heretical machine, a tainted xenos artefact or a compromised Imperial asset, this kill team
must destroy it to keep it from enemy hands.
9 Line Breakers: This squad must smash through the foe’ slines, breaking through an enemy cordon or punching a hole for a
wider Imperial force to exploit.
10 Speartip: As a planetary assault begins, this kill team must secure a beachhead for their comrades to exploit.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: CODEX EMPHASIS
1 Stubborn: No matter the cost, this squad will not take a step back from the foe.
2 Dynamic: Always on the move, these battle-brothers fight on the front foot.
3 Stealthy: For all their size and strength, these battle-brothers move through the shadows with barely a whisper.
4 Zealous: Unusual amongst their kind, these Space Marines are true believers in the divinity of the Emperor.
5 Exemplars: These noble warriors embody everything it means to be Adeptus Astartes, and hold to the Codex in all things.
6 Selfless: These warriors believe that their lives are best spent shielding the Emperor’ sservants from harm.
7 Merciless: Not a flicker of compassion lights the eyes of these hardened killers.
8 Vendetta: Be it a Traitor Legion or xenos race, a particular foe wronged this squad or their Chapter, and they will not rest
until vengeance has been had.
9 Bloodthirsty: So ferocious are these battle-brothers that they have to come to resemble the monsters they fight.
10 Strategists: With calculated strategies and carefully analysed intelligence, this kill team formulates perfect battle plans to
neutralise the foe.
D10 BACKGROUND: HEROIC ORIGIN
1 Crusaders: Driven by their absolute belief in the might of the Imperium, these warriors will stop at nothing to plant the
Aquila amidst the corpses of their foes.
2 Last Survivors: After months or years of war, only a handful of hardened battle-brothers survives to fight on.
3 Seekers After Vengeance: This kill team seek to avenge some unforgivable wrong done to their Chapter.
4 Oath Sworn: Bound by mighty oaths, these battle-brothers seek to fulfil a truly monumental task.
5 Infiltration Specialists: These warriors slip through the enemy lines like a dagger through the ribs.
6 Hand-picked Heroes: This kill team has been assembled by decree of the Chapter Master himself.
7 Tactical Strike Force: V ersatileand strategically balanced, these warriors can adapt quickly to any situation.
8 Fire Support: These warriors specialise in laying down massive volumes of firepower to annihilate the mightiest foes.
9 Honour Guard: This kill team represent some of their Chapter’ smost exceptional warriors, devoted to guarding a single,
vital asset.
10 Extermination Force: Sometimes the enemy must be annihilated wholesale to ensure victory. This kill team specialises in
such merciless actions.
79

===== PDF page 81 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1 Dour: Nothing surprises or shocks this warrior, but
neither does anything give him joy.
2 Ebullient: This battle-brother delights in doing the
Emperor’ swork for the good of all Mankind.
3 Aggressive: Always on the attack, this Space Marine
presses ever forwards.
4 Castellan: This battle-brother excels on the defensive, at
digging in and massacring all foes who approach.
5 Noble: This warrior will take any risk and pay any price
to preserve the lives of his battle-brothers.
6
Xenophobic: This battle-brother hates the perfidy of
aliens with a particular vehemence, prioritising their
demise above all else.
7 Ferocious: This battle-brother’ swrathful cries and
strident oaths ring across the battlefield.
8 Sombre: Ever grim, this warrior chants morbid litanies
as he fights.
9
Mysterious: This battle-brother rarely speaks, and
his pronouncements are laced with prophecy and
dark insinuation.
10 Charismatic: This battle-brother is a figure of courage
and inspiration to all.
ULTRAMARINES NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Marius Chronus
2 Agnathio Tarentus
3 Ollonius Dysorius
4 Cato Cassus
5 Titus Acastian
6 Agies V arenus
7 Gaius Apollon
8 Andrus Aggennor
9 Marcus Castus
10 Cassius Poladrus
RAVEN GUARD NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Aajz Kaed
2 Kyrin Solari
3 Vykus Solaq
4 Tryris Qeld
5 Ordias Korvaedyn
6 Navaer V aanes
7 Syras T orvaec
8 Aevar Klayde
9 Reszan Moradus
10 V orkyl Ordaris
IMPERIAL FISTS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Lydus Hagen
2 Darnath Mirhen
3 Lexandro Garadon
4 Nereus Lytanus
5 Tylaeus Danithor
6 V orn Markov
7 T or Mordelai
8 Boreas Julan
9 Jago Darsway
10 Oreas Lordann
WHITE SCARS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Anagar Gatughan
2 Khajog Y esuberei
3 Suberei Ghol
4 Khoros Jaghol
5 Jaygor Kandakh
6 Seglei Mologhai
7 Jurgah Ujumm
8 Kaljyk Bhangleo
9 Kulghu J’ungah
10 Saghari Aghulo
BLOOD ANGw
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Amareus Belarius
2 Erasmus Seraphan
3 Rafael Moriar
4 Morlaeo Raneil
5 Leonid Castivar
6 Faustian Arteros
7 Donatelus Redolpho
8 Raelyn Lorenso
9 Nicodemus Amuto
10 Furian Rephas
80

===== PDF page 82 =====

SPACE WOLVES NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Gunnar Ironaxe
2 Ulfrich Icefang
3 Laars Orksbane
4 Sven the Red
5 Wulfgar Wyrmslayer
6 Erik Th underhowl
7 Dolf Stormstrider
8 Leif Stoneshield
9 Olaf Trollbane
10 T orrvald Greymane
SALAMANDERS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Dak’Lyr K’Gosi
2 Sho’Tan Dallor
3 T su’Gar Jurr
4 Fugean Mir’Shan
5 Xavus Shenn
6 Nubari Ta’Phor
7 V orr’n Rhoshan
8 Sholta Antanar
9 Xa’V or Shal’Dar
10 Leotrak Gar’Dos
IRON HANDS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Arrven Feirros
2 Gorrloch Graevarr
3 Shorrgol Bannus
4 Galorr Lydriik
5 Dorrghun T errek
6 Kaagos Korvaan
7 Barrgus Urloch
8 Ghorrean Rauth
9 Orros V arrox
10 Gdolkin Xeriis
DARK ANGELS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Azkarael Zaborial
2 Zakeal Azdallon
3 Rhellion Zacahrus
4 Zoreal Astathor
5 Azathor Seraphus
6 Shoriel Zanthor
7 Nemator Kaelon
8 Ezekial Namaat
9 Bethor Soriel
10 Zadakial Belian
81

===== PDF page 83 =====

AdeptusAstartes KillT eams
ADEPTUS ASTARTESKILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the ADEPTUS ASTARTESFaction keyword, you can use Adeptus
Astartes Tactics.
ARMOUR OF CONTEMPT
Adeptus Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
suffers a mortal wound. Roll a D6 for that mortal
wound, and each other mortal wound suffered by
that model for the rest of the phase; on a 5+ the
mortal wound is ignored and has no effect.
1 COMMAND POINT
MASTERFUL MARKSMANSHIP
Adeptus Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Shooting phase when you
choose an INTERCESSOR from your kill team to
shoot with a stalker bolt rifle. Until the end of that
phase, you can add 1 to hit and wound rolls for
that model.
1 COMMAND POINT
HELLFIRE SHELLS
Adeptus Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to shoot with a heavy bolter. Y oucan only
make a single hit roll for the weapon this phase,
however, if it hits, the target suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead of the normal damage.
2 COMMAND POINTS
SHOCK AND AWE
Adeptus Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic when you declare a REIVER from
your kill team will attempt to charge. Before any
Overwatch attacks are made, you can make a
single shooting attack using this model’ sshock
grenades against a target of the charge. If the
attack is successful, that target may not fire
Overwatch this phase in addition to the normal
effects of the grenade.
2 COMMAND POINTS
DEATH TO THE TRAITORS!
Adeptus Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model from
your kill team to fight in the Fight phase. Until the
end of that phase, each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for that model and the target is a HERETIC
ASTARTES model, you can immediately make an
extra attack against the same model using the same
weapon. These attacks cannot themselves generate
any further attacks.
1 COMMAND POINT
HONOUR THE CHAPTER
Adeptus Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Fight phase. Pick
a model from your kill team. That model can
immediately fight an additional time.
2 COMMAND POINTS
82

===== PDF page 84 =====

‘The traitors are dug in, well supplied and
heavily armed. They think they’re unassailable.
What do you say, brothers – shall we disabuse
them of that foolish notion?’
- Ulfrich Wyrmslayer, Space Wolves Reiver Sergeant
83

===== PDF page 85 =====

Scout
Tactical Marine
SCOUT
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Scout 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 4+ -
Scout Gunner 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 4+ 2
Scout Sergeant 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 4+ 1
This model is armed with a boltgun, bolt pistol, frag grenades and krak grenades.
Up to two Scouts in your kill team can be Scout Gunners, and one Scout in your kill team can be a Scout Sergeant.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Scout may replace their boltgun with a combat knife or Astartes shotgun, or a sniper rifle and camo cloak.
• A Scout Gunner may replace their boltgun with a heavy bolter or missile launcher, or a sniper rifle and
camo cloak.
• A Scout Gunner with a missile launcher may take a camo cloak.
• A Scout Sergeant may replace their boltgun with an Astartes shotgun or chainsword, or a sniper rifle and
camo cloak.
ABILITIES And They Shall Know No Fear: Y oucan re-roll failed
Nerve tests for this model.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Camo Cloak: When an opponent makes a hit roll for
a shooting attack that targets a model equipped with
a camo cloak, and that model is obscured, that hit roll
suffers an additional -1 modifier.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sergeant only), Heavy (Gunner only), Comms, Demolitions, Scout, Sniper
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS ASTARTES
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, INFANTRY ,SCOUT
TACTICAL MARINE
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Tactical Marine 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ -
Tactical Marine Gunner 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ 2
Tactical Sergeant 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a boltgun, bolt pistol, frag grenades and krak grenades.
Up to two Tactical Marines in your kill team can be Tactical Marine Gunners, and one Tactical Marine in your kill team can be a
Tactical Sergeant.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Tactical Marine Gunner in your kill team may replace their boltgun with a flamer, meltagun, plasma gun
or grav-gun.
• One Tactical Marine Gunner in your kill team may replace their boltgun with a missile launcher or heavy bolter.
• A Tactical Sergeant may replace their bolt pistol and boltgun with a combi-flamer, combi-grav, combi-melta or
combi-plasma. Alternatively, he may be armed with a bolt pistol, plasma pistol or grav-pistol, and may also take a
chainsword, power fist, power sword or auspex.
ABILITIES And They Shall Know No Fear: Y oucan re-roll failed
Nerve tests for this model.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Auspex: At the start of the Shooting phase, you can
choose another ADEPTUS ASTARTESmodel within 3"
of a friendly model equipped with an auspex that is not
shaken. That model does not suffer penalties to their hit
or injury rolls due to their target being obscured.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sergeant only), Heavy (Gunner only), Comms, Demolitions, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS ASTARTES
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, INFANTRY ,TACTICALMARINE
84

===== PDF page 86 =====

IntercessorReiver
‘Strike swift, brothers, and strike true. Wield your weapons with the Primarch’sown might and turn
them upon the Emperor’s foes until none remain standing to oppose his will. ’
- Brother Sergeant Lytornus, Imperial Fists 4th Company during Operation Black Sunrise
REIVER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Reiver 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 2 2 7 3+ -
Reiver Sergeant 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 2 3 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a bolt carbine, heavy bolt pistol, frag grenades, krak grenades and shock grenades.
One Reiver in your kill team can be a Reiver Sergeant.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Reiver may replace their bolt carbine with a combat knife.
• A Reiver Sergeant may replace their bolt carbine or heavy bolt pistol with a combat knife.
• This model may take a grav-chute.
• This model may take a grapnel launcher.
ABILITIES And They Shall Know No Fear: Y oucan re-roll failed
Nerve tests for this model.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Grapnel Launcher: A model with a grapnel launcher
can climb any distance vertically (up or down) when it
makes a normal move – do not measure the distance
moved in this way.
Grav-chute: A model with a grav-chute never suffers
falling damage, and never falls on another model. If it
would, instead place this model as close as possible to
the point where it would have landed. This can bring it
within 1" of an enemy model.
T errorTroops: Enemy models must subtract 1 from
their Leadership if they are within 3" of any Reiver or
Reiver Sergeant models.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sergeant only), Combat, Comms, Demolitions, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS ASTARTES
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, INFANTRY ,PRIMARIS, REIVER
INTERCESSOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Intercessor 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 2 2 7 3+ -
Intercessor Gunner 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 2 2 7 3+ 2
Intercessor Sergeant 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 2 3 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a bolt rifle, bolt pistol, frag grenades and krak grenades.
Up to two Intercessors in your kill team can be Intercessor Gunners, and one Intercessor in your kill team can be an Intercessor Sergeant.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its bolt rifle with an auto bolt rifle or stalker bolt rifle.
• An Intercessor Gunner may take an auxiliary grenade launcher.
• An Intercessor Sergeant may take a power sword or chainsword, or replace their bolt rifle with a power sword
or chainsword.
ABILITIES And They Shall Know No Fear: Y oucan re-roll failed
Nerve tests for this model.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Auxiliary Grenade Launcher: If a model is armed with
an auxiliary grenade launcher, increase the range of any
Grenade weapons they have to 30".
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sergeant only), Demolitions (Gunner only), Combat, Comms, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS ASTARTES
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, INFANTRY ,PRIMARIS, INTERCESSOR
85

===== PDF page 87 =====

WeaponProfiles andPoints
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Astartes shotgun 12" Assault 2 4 0 1 If the target is within half range, add 1 to this weapon’ s
Strength.
Auto bolt rifle 24" Assault 2 4 0 1 -
Bolt carbine 24" Assault 2 4 0 1 -
Bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 -
Bolt rifle 30" Rapid Fire 1 4 -1 1 -
Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
Combi-flamer When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all hit
rolls made for this weapon.
- Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
- Flamer 8" Assault D6 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Combi-grav When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all hit
rolls made for this weapon.
- Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
- Grav-gun 18" Rapid Fire 1 5 -3 1 If the target has a Save characteristic of 3+ or better, this
weapon has a Damage of D3.
Combi-melta When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all hit
rolls made for this weapon.
- Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
- Meltagun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6 If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll two dice
when inflicting damage with it and discard the lowest result.
Combi-plasma When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all hit
rolls made for this weapon.
- Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
- Plasma gun 24" Rapid Fire 1 7 -3 1 See plasma gun
Flamer 8" Assault D6 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Frag grenade 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
Grav-gun 18" Rapid Fire 1 5 -3 1 If the target has a Save characteristic of 3+ or better, this
weapon has a Damage of D3.
Grav-pistol 12" Pistol 1 5 -3 1 If the target has a Save characteristic of 3+ or better, this
weapon has a Damage of D3.
Heavy bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 -1 1 -
Heavy bolter 36" Heavy 3 5 -1 1 -
Krak grenade 6" Grenade 1 6 -1 D3 -
Meltagun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6 If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll two dice
when inflicting damage with it and discard the lowest result.
Missile launcher When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Frag missile 48" Heavy D6 4 0 1 -
- Krak missile 48" Heavy 1 8 -2 D6 -
Plasma gun When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 24" Rapid Fire 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 24" Rapid Fire 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out of
action after all of this weapon’ sshots have been resolved.
Plasma pistol When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 12" Pistol 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 12" Pistol 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out of
action.
Shock grenade 6" Grenade D3 * * *
This weapon does not inflict any damage. If an enemy
INFANTRY model is hit by any shock grenades, it is stunned;
until the end of the next battle round that model cannot fire
Overwatch or be Readied, and your opponent must subtract 1
from hit rolls made for the model.
Sniper rifle 36" Heavy 1 4 0 1
A model firing a sniper rifle does not suffer the penalty to hit
rolls for the target being at long range. If you roll a wound roll
of 6+ for this weapon, it inflicts a mortal wound in addition to
its normal damage.
Stalker bolt rifle 36" Heavy 1 4 -2 1 -
86

===== PDF page 88 =====

MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Chainsword Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Combat knife Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Power fist Melee Melee x2 -3 D3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
Power sword Melee Melee User -3 1 -
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Intercessor 15
- Intercessor Gunner 16
- Intercessor Sergeant 16
Reiver 16
- Reiver Sergeant 17
Scout 10
- Scout Gunner 11
- Scout Sergeant 11
Tactical Marine 12
- Tactical Marine Gunner 13
- Tactical Sergeant 13
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Astartes shotgun 0
Auto bolt rifle 0
Bolt carbine 0
Bolt pistol 0
Bolt rifle 0
Boltgun 0
Combi-flamer 3
Combi-grav 2
Combi-melta 3
Combi-plasma 4
Flamer 3
Frag grenade 0
Grav-gun 2
Grav-pistol 1
Heavy bolt pistol 0
Heavy bolter 3
Krak grenade 0
Meltagun 3
Missile launcher 5
Plasma gun 3
Plasma pistol 1
Shock grenade 0
Sniper rifle 1
Stalker bolt rifle 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Chainsword 0
Combat knife 0
Power fist 4
Power sword 2
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Auspex 1
Auxiliary grenade launcher 0
Camo cloak 1
Grapnel launcher 1
Grav-chute 1
87

===== PDF page 89 =====

DEATHW ATCH
DEATHWATCH
The Deathwatch are the foremost alien hunters in the
Imperium. Their ranks comprise the finest warriors of
the Adeptus Astartes Chapters, seconded with great
honour to serve in the kill teams of the Deathwatch and
defend Humanity from the xenos menace.
Deathwatch kill teams make use of every weapon,
technology and tactic they can, adapting their way of
war to best suit each new foe. They carry a wide variety
of armaments, many tailored to the elimination of
particular types of enemy, and each warrior’s battlefield
expertise is leveraged to lethal effect. By combining
the greatest strengths of the Space Marine Chapters,
and deploying groups of specialist battle-brothers who
complement one another’ sabilities, Deathwatch kill
teams have earned their place as one of the most lethal
precision tools available to the lords of the Imperium.
Experts at assessing how their might can best be put to
use against significantly more numerous enemies, even
in large-scale conflicts the Deathwatch will utilise small
squads of elite warriors to systematically eradicate their
foes. Though they are few in number – even compared
to the wider Adeptus Astartes – a single Deathwatch
kill team, delivered to the right location at the right
moment and equipped with the correct weapons – can
change the course of an entire war. They are heroes all,
merciless destroyers of the xenos threat, and without
their selfless efforts the Imperium would surely have
been torn apart long ago.
The Deathwatch is Humanity’s shield against xenos horrors. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables
on the following pages, and the name tables from the Adeptus Astartes section, you can generate names
and background for your Deathwatch kill teams.
D10 BACKGROUND: TEAM DOCTRINE
1 Aquila Kill T eam:This kill team is assembled to deal with any threat, adapting quickly to the developing tactical situation.
2 Furor Kill T eam:A kill team whose composition and armaments prioritise optimised firepower.
3 VenatorKill T eam:Fast-moving and deadly, the V enatorKill T eamruns its prey to ground with ease.
4 Dominatus Kill T eam:This kill team specialises in meeting the enemy’ selite warriors head-on and slaying them to the last.
5 Malleus Kill T eam:The monstrous and the mechanical are the chosen prey of this kill team, whose weapons pack a
phenomenal punch.
6 Purgatus Kill T eam:They who strike the head from the body, this kill team excels in taking down alien overlords.
7 Fortis Kill T eam:Comprising heroic Primaris battle-brothers from the Space Marine Chapters, this kill team can deal with
any foe.
8 Mission Survivors: The last warriors standing from a larger, now-decimated force, this kill team must fight as one to avenge
their fallen.
9 The Long Hunt: Brothers have come and gone, but the hunt has endured for decades. Now, at last, this kill team nears
its prey.
10 The Shield that Slays: Gathering the optimised combination of warriors from all those available, this kill team is perfectly
balanced for the conflict at hand.
88

===== PDF page 90 =====

Deathwatch Kill T eams
DEATHW ATCHKILL TEAMS
DEATHW ATCHmodels in your kill team use the Special Issue Ammunition ability below. If every model in
your kill team has the DEATHW ATCHFaction keyword, you can use Deathwatch Tactics.
Special Issue Ammunition: When this model fires
an auto bolt rifle, bolt carbine, bolt pistol, bolt rifle,
boltgun, combi-melta (boltgun profile only), combi-
plasma (boltgun profile only), heavy bolt pistol, stalker
bolt rifle or stalker pattern boltgun, you can choose one
kind of ammunition from the table to the right, and
apply the corresponding modifier.
Fortis Kill T eam:When you add an Intercessor (pg
85) or a Reiver (pg 85) to your command roster (and
create its datacard) you can choose for it to have
the DEATHW ATCHFaction keyword instead of the
ADEPTUS ASTARTES Faction keyword. If you do so, it
gains the Special Issue Ammunition ability but you must
use the points values on page 91 for its ranged weapons.
SPECIAL ISSUE AMMUNITION
AMMUNITION MODIFIER
Dragonfire bolt Add 1 to hit rolls for this weapon when
targeting a model that is obscured.
Hellfire round This weapon always wounds on a 2+.
Kraken bolt
Add 3" to the range of this weapon if it is a
Pistol – or 6" otherwise – and improve the AP
of the attack by 1 (e.g. an AP of 0 becomes -1),
to a maximum AP of -2.
Vengeance round
Subtract 3" from the range of this weapon if it
is a Pistol – or 6" otherwise – and improve the
AP of the attack by 2 (e.g. an AP of 0 becomes
-2), to a maximum AP of -3.
D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1
Newcomer: This warrior replaced a beloved and trusted
battle-brother who fell. They seek to prove themselves
to their squad.
2 Black Shield: Mysterious and insular, this figure’ spast
is a dark secret.
3
Xenobiologist: This warrior is fascinated with the
workings of xenos anatomy,always ready to carve up
aliens to better understand the hated foe.
4
Fuelled by Hate: This battle-brother has seen too many
comrades fall, too many xenos atrocities, and his hate
for all aliens burns hot.
5 Tactician: This warrior’ smind is a rich repository of
tried and tested combat manoeuvres.
6
Huntsman: Once this battle-brother sets his eyes upon
a particular quarry, he harries them to the exclusion of
all else.
7
Marksman: This warrior always favours eliminating
their enemies at range, and has thus become a truly
exceptional shot.
8 Grim: This battle-brother is under no illusions that the
Imperium is fighting a battle against impossible odds.
9
Contemptuous: This warrior has nothing but scorn for
xenos and all their works, and his disgust for them finds
its purest expression in battle.
10
Murderous: So long has this warrior fought alien foes
that he cannot restrain his violence against them any
more, hacking them to pieces with bloody fury.
D6 MISSION: COVERT OPERATION
1
Secure and Control: A dangerous xenos artefact
must be either secured for study, or destroyed to
prevent corruption.
2 The Cull: Xenos numbers in this region must be heavily
curtailed before they reach critical mass.
3
Cut off the Head: A powerful alien warlord must be
slain before they bring a storm of violence down upon
the Imperium.
4 Disrupt the Swarm: The enemy’ sadvance must be
slowed, misdirected and broken apart.
5
The Heart of the Hive: Be it a Necron tomb or a
xenocult brood-shrine, the source of this region’ s
corruption must be rooted out and put to the torch.
6
Knowledge is Power: Even as a campaign progresses
against the enemy they must be studied, dissected and
catalogued, the better to exploit their weaknesses.
D6 SQUAD QUIRK: TEAM FACET
1
Newly Forged: This kill team has recently been
assembled, and its battle-brothers must learn quickly
how to fight as one.
2
Xenovendetta: Long years of battle against a particular
xenos foe have made these warriors expert at
their annihilation.
3
Competitive: The battle-brothers of this kill team strive
not only to win victory for the Imperium, but to best
one another in private contests of arms.
4
Pragmatic: Comprised of battle-brothers from the more
subtle and sombre Chapters, this kill team relies upon
their wits and fortitude to win victory.
5
Bellicose: Populated by battle-brothers from the
most aggressive and feral Chapters, this kill team is a
ferocious and aggressive force.
6
The Bigger Picture: Knowing full well the wider
price of failure, these warriors are willing to commit
unconscionable deeds in the name of victory.
89

===== PDF page 91 =====

Deathwatch Veteran
DEATHWATCHVETERAN
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Deathwatch Veteran 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 3+ -
Deathwatch Veteran
Gunner 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 3+ 4
Black Shield 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 3 8 3+ 1
W atchSergeant 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 3 9 3+ 1
This model is armed with a boltgun, frag grenades and krak grenades.
One Deathwatch V eteranin your kill team can be a Black Shield, up to four Deathwatch V eteransin your kill team can be Deathwatch V eteran
Gunners, and one Deathwatch V eteranin your kill team can be a W atchSergeant.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its boltgun with a combi-melta,combi-plasma,stalker pattern boltgun, power sword,
power maul or storm shield. This model may also take a power sword or power maul; if they are a W atchSergeant,
they may take a xenophase blade instead.
• A DeathwatchV eteranmay,instead of the above, replace their boltgun with a Deathwatchshotgun or heavy
thunder hammer.
• A DeathwatchV eteranGunner may replace their boltgun with a Deathwatchfrag cannon or infernus heavy bolter.
ABILITIES Special Issue Ammunition (pg 89)
And They Shall Know No Fear: Y oucan re-roll failed
Nerve tests for this model.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Storm Shield: A model with a storm shield has a 3+
invulnerable save.
Atonement Through Honour: Y oucan re-roll failed
charge rolls for a Black Shield.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sergeant only), Heavy (Gunner only), Combat, Comms, Demolitions, Sniper, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD DEATHW ATCH
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, ADEPTUS ASTARTES,INFANTRY ,DEATHW ATCHVETERAN
HELLFIRE SHELL
Deathwatch Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to shoot with a heavy bolter or the heavy
bolter profile of an infernus heavy bolter. Y oucan
only make a single hit roll with the weapon this
phase (subtracting 1 as normal if also firing an
infernus heavy bolter’ sheavy flamer), however, if it
hits, the target suffers D3 mortal wounds instead of
the normal damage.
1 COMMAND POINT
RIVAL CHAPTERS
Deathwatch Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is chosen to attack in the Shooting or Fight phase
whilst there is another model from your kill team
within 2" of it. Until the end of the phase, re-roll
hit rolls of 1 for both models.
1 COMMAND POINT
ONLY IN DEATH DOES DUTY END
Deathwatch Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is taken out of action; that model summons the
strength for one final attack, and can immediately
either shoot as if it were your turn in the Shooting
phase, or fight as if it were your turn in the Fight
phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
DECAPITATION DOCTRINE
Deathwatch Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is chosen to attack in the Shooting or Fight phase.
Until the end of the phase, re-roll failed wound
rolls for that model that target an enemy Leader.
1 COMMAND POINT
90

===== PDF page 92 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
Combi-melta When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all
hit rolls made for this weapon.
- Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
- Meltagun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Combi-plasma When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all
hit rolls made for this weapon.
- Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
- Plasma gun 24" Rapid Fire 1 7 -3 1
This weapon can be supercharged by the bearer before
firing. If they do so, increase the Strength and Damage
of the weapon by 1 this turn. On any unmodified hit
rolls of 1 when firing supercharge, the bearer is taken
out of action after all of the weapon’ sshots have been
resolved.
Deathwatch frag cannon When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Frag round 8" Assault 2D6 6 -1 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
- Shell 24" Assault 2 7 -2 2 If the target is within half range of this weapon, its
attacks are resolved with a Strength of 9 and an AP of -3.
Deathwatch shotgun When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Cryptclearer round 16" Assault 2 4 0 1 Y oucan re-roll failed wound rolls for this weapon.
- Xenopurge slug 16" Assault 2 4 -1 1 If the target is within half range of this weapon, its
attacks are resolved with a Damage of 2.
- Wyrmsbreath shell 7" Assault D6 3 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Frag grenade 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
Infernus heavy bolter When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all
hit rolls made for this weapon.
- Heavy bolter 36" Heavy 3 5 -1 1 -
- Heavy flamer 8" Assault D6 5 -1 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Krak grenade 6" Grenade 1 6 -1 D3 -
Stalker pattern boltgun 30" Heavy 2 4 -1 1 -
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Heavy thunder hammer Melee Melee x2 -3 D6
When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll. Each time you make a wound roll of 6+
with this weapon, that hit is resolved with a Damage of 6.
Power maul Melee Melee +2 -1 1 -
Power sword Melee Melee User -3 1 -
Xenophase blade Melee Melee User -3 1 Y ouropponent must re-roll successful invulnerable saves
for wounds caused by this weapon.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Deathwatch V eteran 14
- Deathwatch V eteranGunner 16
- Black Shield 16
- W atchSergeant 16
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Auto bolt rifle 2
Bolt carbine 2
Bolt pistol 2
Bolt rifle 2
Boltgun 0
Combi-melta 3
Combi-plasma 4
Deathwatch frag cannon 5
Deathwatch shotgun 1
Frag grenade 0
Heavy bolt pistol 2
Infernus heavy bolter 2
Krak grenade 0
Stalker bolt rifle 2
Stalker pattern boltgun 1
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Heavy thunder hammer 5
Power maul 2
Power sword 2
Xenophase blade 3
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Storm shield 3
91

===== PDF page 93 =====

GREY KNIGHTS
D6 MISSION: QUEST
1 End the Nightmare: Reality is tearing apart; this band
of warriors has been sent to seal the breach.
2 Aquisitus Prohibitum: This kill team must seize a
forbidden relic, and take it back to Titan.
3
Wield the True Name: This band of warriors possesses
the true name of a Daemon, with which the entity can
be destroyed for good. Y etfirst it must be hunted…
4
Reap the Tally: This kill team must strike down a
pre-ordained number of enemies in order to complete a
purifying ritual.
5
Scorched Earth: Nothing may escape the final
judgement of the Immortal Emperor of Mankind.
Nothing, and no one.
6
Trial by Blade: Faced by heretics on every front, this kill
team must eliminate the enemy’ sringleaders, bringing
the Emperor’ svengeance down upon those who would
defy his will and endanger his realm.
D6 BACKGROUND: LEGEND
1 They Hunt the Beast: This band of warriors pursues a
singularly monstrous quarry across the stars.
2 Those Tha tRemain: From a larger force, these last few
Grey Knights still fight the daemonic hordes.
3
Purgation Corps: A kill team gathered to scour all
trace of their target from the galaxy by whatever
means necessary.
4 Sworn Guardians: These Grey Knights are utterly
devoted to protecting some dark secret or holy site.
5
Hand of the Prognosticars: This elite band act upon the
gleanings of the Prognosticars, striking down terrible
threats before they can develop.
6
The Heroic Few: Though small in number, this band
of mighty warriors is more than a match for the most
dreadful enemies in the galaxy.
GREY KNIGHTS
Of all the enemies faced by the Imperium, none are a
greater threat than the foul Daemons of Chaos. The
Grey Knights were created to battle these unnatural
terrors, an entire Chapter of psychically gifted Space
Marines whose mental, spiritual and physical purity are
beyond question. They sally forth from their fortress
monastery on Titan in sanctified warships to hunt down
daemonic infestations, seal hellish warp portals, and slay
those who – through accident or design – threaten to
unleash the entities of the empyrean upon realspace.
The Grey Knights’ campaigns are aided by the
Prognosticars, battle-brothers gifted with the power to
scry and to interpret glimpses of the Imperium’ sfuture.
Grey Knights kill teams are alerted to those locations
where especially terrible daemonic incursions or dread
daemonic plots are soon to develop, and are given
insight into where their strikes can wreak the most
damage upon the forces of the enemy. Furthermore,
each Grey Knight in a kill team can draw upon their
own psychic might to strike at their foes.
Despite their small numbers, Grey Knights kill teams
wield exceptional power. Each battle-brother is armed
with the specialised wargear of his order – sanctified
bolters, psychically charged Nemesis force weapons and
warded armour of blessed adamantium and silver. Such
a kill team can easily slaughter their way through dozens
upon dozens of foes, piling their corpses high until none
remain to endanger the Imperium.
An ancient order of Space Marines shrouded in mystery and legend, the Grey Knights are Humanity’s
greatest defence against the threat of daemonkind. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the
following pages, you can generate names and background for your Grey Knights kill teams.
92

===== PDF page 94 =====

GREY KNIGHTS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 V aldar Mordrak
2 Kaladour T orvin
3 Pelenas Th ule
4 Anval V arn
5 Drystan Ordan
6 Garran Gerontas
7 Drako Solor
8 Caddon Cromm
9 Arno Kai
10 V erdan Trevan
D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1 W rathful:This warrior’ srighteous anger drives them
ever forwards to the fiercest fights.
2 Fanatical: This warrior pursues the daemonic and the
unclean and destroys it at the expense of all else.
3 Mystic: This warrior’ sinsights border on the prescient,
and his utterances are often obscure and unsettling.
4
Methodical: This warrior pauses just long enough to
carve runes of abnegation into the flesh of each fallen
foe, ensuring their cadavers can never be possessed.
5
Firebrand: This warrior’ sholy oratory is legend, and
his wrathful utterances ring across the battlefield like a
clarion call.
6 Vengeful: This warrior pursues a particular Daemon
that has done much harm to him and his comrades.
7 Marksman: This Grey Knight is an exceptional shot,
and uses his skills to cull the most dangerous foes.
8 Psychic Nexus: W avesof sanctic energy wash from this
warrior’ smind, battering at the unholy and the unclean.
9
Merciless: There is no act too cruel or unconscionable
for this warrior, for he knows the price that the galaxy
will pay otherwise.
10 Stoic: This proud warrior of Titan is utterly indomitable,
and will never yield to any foe.
D6 SQUAD QUIRK: VIRTUE
1 Unyielding: These warriors never give up, never give
ground, and never, ever surrender.
2 Blessed Aura: So saturated in holy energies are these
warriors that they shine with the light of the Emperor.
3
Exacting: T oomany times the trickery of Daemons
allows them to escape their doom; thus this squad are
mercilessly thorough in the destruction of every foe.
4
Bellicose: With strident oaths and raking blasts of
gunfire, this squad storms into every battle with
unstoppable fervour.
5 Sworn to Purify: This kill team strongly favours the use
of holy fire to scour their enemies from existence.
6
Dark Lore: This kill team are versed in many forbidden
secrets, and are able to turn their terrible knowledge to
their advantage in battle.
93

===== PDF page 95 =====

Grey Knight
Grey Knights Kill T eams
GREY KNIGHT
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Grey Knight 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ -
Grey Knight Gunner 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ 2
Justicar 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a Nemesis force sword, storm bolter, frag grenades, krak grenades and psyk-out grenades.
Up to two Grey Knights in your kill team can be Grey Knight Gunners, and one Grey Knight in your kill team can be a Justicar.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its Nemesis force sword with a Nemesis force halberd, Nemesis Daemon hammer,
Nemesis warding stave or two Nemesis falchions.
• A Grey Knight Gunner may, instead of the above, replace their Nemesis force sword and storm bolter with an
incinerator, psilencer or psycannon.
ABILITIES And They Shall Know No Fear: Y oucan re-roll failed
Nerve tests for this model.
Daemon Hunters: If this model attacks any DAEMONS
in the Fight phase, you can re-roll failed wound rolls
for those attacks.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Rites of Banishment: When this model manifests the
Psybolt psychic power it has a range of 12". If Psybolt
is successfully manifested, and the target model is a
DAEMON, the target suffers D3 mortal wounds, even
if the result of the Psychic test was not 11+.
PSYKER This model can attempt to manifest one psychic power and attempt to deny one psychic power in each Psychic
phase. He knows the Psybolt psychic power.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Justicar only), Heavy (Gunner only), Combat, Comms, Demolitions, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD GREY KNIGHTS
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, ADEPTUS ASTARTES,INFANTRY ,PSYKER, GREY KNIGHT
GREY KNIGHTS KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the GREY KNIGHTS Faction keyword, you can use Grey Knights Tactics.
PSYCHIC CHANNELLING
Grey Knights Tactic
Use this Tactic when taking a Psychic test for a
model from your kill team. Roll three dice rather
than two and use the two highest rolls.
2 COMMAND POINTS
HEED THE PROGNOSTICARS
Grey Knights Tactic
Use this Tactic at the start of the battle round. Pick
a model from your kill team and add 1 to its saving
throws until the end of the battle round.
2 COMMAND POINTS
PSYBOLT AMMUNITION
Grey Knights Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in
your kill team to shoot with a storm bolter. The
weapon’ sStrength characteristic is 5 and its
Armour Penetration characteristic is -1 until the
end of the phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
HONOUR THE CHAPTER
Grey Knights Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Fight phase. Pick
a model from your kill team. That model can
immediately fight an additional time.
2 COMMAND POINTS
94

===== PDF page 96 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Frag grenade 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
Incinerator 8" Assault D6 6 -1 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Krak grenade 6" Grenade 1 6 -1 D3 -
Psilencer 24" Heavy 6 4 0 D3 -
Psycannon 24" Heavy 4 7 -1 1 -
Psyk-out grenade 6" Grenade D3 2 0 1
Each time you roll a hit roll of 6+ for this weapon when
targeting a PSYKER or DAEMON, the target suffers a
mortal wound instead of the normal damage.
Storm bolter 24" Rapid Fire 2 4 0 1 -
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Nemesis Daemon hammer Melee Melee x2 -3 3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
Nemesis falchion Melee Melee User -2 D3 If a model is armed with two Nemesis falchions, each
time it fights it can make 1 additional attack with them.
Nemesis force halberd Melee Melee +1 -2 D3 -
Nemesis force sword Melee Melee User -3 D3 -
Nemesis warding stave Melee Melee +2 -1 D3
A model armed with this weapon has a 5+ invulnerable
save against attacks made in the Fight phase. If it already
has an invulnerable save, add 1 to invulnerable saving
throws you make for it in the Fight phase instead.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Grey Knight 18
- Grey Knight Gunner 19
- Justicar 19
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Frag grenade 0
Incinerator 3
Krak grenade 0
Psilencer 3
Psycannon 2
Psyk-out grenade 0
Storm bolter 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Nemesis Daemon hammer 2
Nemesis falchion 1
Nemesis force halberd 0
Nemesis force sword 0
Nemesis warding stave 0
‘Mercy is a luxury
we cannot afford,
brothers. Mercy might
spare a life, only to
end a billion more.
Mercy burns worlds.
Mercy damns souls.
Mercy would be the
undoing of all that we
have wrought… ’
- Justicar Th rayl, before
the Diaclades Purge
95

===== PDF page 97 =====

ASTRA MILITARUM
ASTRA MILITARUM
The Astra Militarum make up the vast bulk of the
Imperium’ sstanding armies. Tithed in their billions
from worlds across the Imperium, these soldiers
undergo swift and brutal training, often en route to
their designated war zone. Unlike the more elite arms
of the Imperial war machine, the soldiers of the Astra
Militarum lack the advantages of genetic enhancement
and sophisticated weaponry. Their arms and armour,
their battle tanks, artillery pieces and aircraft are all
mass-produced and hurled into battle in vast numbers,
there to wear the enemy down through attrition and
belligerent application of overwhelming firepower.
Casualty rates amongst the Imperial Guard are beyond
horrific; if a freshly recruited soldier survives more than
their first fifteen hours in battle, they are considered
an accomplished veteran. Y etdespite the horrors they
must face, despite the odds that are stacked against
them and the likelihood of their own imminent demise,
these courageous men and women follow their orders
and march out to fight the Emperor’ swars, for they
know that the fate of all of Humanity rests upon their
shoulders.
The soldiers of an Astra Militarum kill team are
equipped with an array of reliable, if basic, weapons
and wargear. In order to survive, every Guardsman
must learn quickly to wield this weaponry against all
manner of fiendish traitor monstrosities and hulking
xenos warriors. Faced by such terrifying enemies,
these men and women must steel their nerve and
stride out to confront these threats to the continued
The Astra Militarum is the sledgehammer of the Emperor, and its countless armies form the vast majority
of the Imperium’smilitary might, relentlessly pounding their enemies with shot and shell until nothing is
left but a cratered wasteland. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following pages, you can
generate names and background for your Astra Militarum kill teams.
existence of Mankind. Typically only a fraction of an
Astra Militarum kill team’ ssoldiers survive their first
excursion, yet through grit, determination and sheer
weight of numbers they grind their foes into oblivion.
Astra Militarum kill teams take many forms. Often
they are comprised of a team of grizzled veterans
supplemented by newer recruits. At other times
regimental survivors or scouting troops find themselves
fighting behind enemy lines, banding together to
increase their chances of survival and victory. Whatever
its composition, an Imperial Guard kill team has the
numbers, the faith and the firepower to bring down
any foe – and though they may face the most dreadful
hardships with little more than a lasgun, a bayonet and
a whispered benediction to the immortal Emperor, they
will pay any cost to secure victory.
THE UBIQUITOUS LASGUN
The lasgun is the standard-issue rifle of the
Imperial Guard, and there are many models,
marks and patterns in service. The Cadian
Shock Troops commonly bear the M36 lasrifle,
a weapon well known for its reliability. The
Catachan Jungle Fighters use the Mk 4 lascarbine,
the hefty power cells of which give the weapon
additional clout both as a short-range assault
rifle and an improvised club. Many other marks
exist throughout the Imperium, from the mass-
produced to the exotic, and even weapons for
dedicated mechanised or drop regiments.
96

===== PDF page 98 =====

D10 BACKGROUND: WAR STORY
1 Penal Troopers: Offered one last chance to earn redemption through service, this band of deadly but ill-disciplined soldiers
must serve or die.
2 Hardened Veterans: Survivors of a dozen war zones, these hard-bitten warriors know all the wily tricks they don’tprint in
the Imperial Primer.
3 Light Infantry: Equipped for swift movement and pinpoint combat through dense terrain, these warriors are experts in
forward operations.
4 Sappers: This squad excels in siege warfare, demolitions, and any other theatre in which the Emperor expects them to blow
things sky high.
5 Elite Guards: Highly trained and well equipped, these warriors are sworn to give their lives for the great and the good.
6 Fresh Meat: Fresh from their first drop and ready to serve the Emperor, how many of these Imperial Guardsmen will survive
their ‘fifteen hours’?
7 Drop Troops: This squad is trained to swoop down upon their objective in fast-moving drop-craft before using rappelling
lines and grav-chutes to leap into the action.
8 Tank Hunters: Loaded for big game, this team of steely-eyed warriors specialises in eliminating armoured targets.
9 Shock Troops: Clad in bulky armour and carrying an array of firearms, this squad is ready for the most intense firefights.
10 Grizzled Survivors: The battle has been long, the death toll horrific, yet still this band of warriors fights on in the
Emperor’ sname.
D10 MISSION: DUTY TO THE EMPEROR
1 Hold at All Costs: No matter how many men fall, the enemy must not be allowed to capture or destroy a crucial objective.
2 Assault: The foe are at bay; now is the time for a pinpoint strike to shatter their resistance.
3 Assassinate: A heretical commander or vile demagogue must be slain, and the duty falls to this band of warriors.
4 Demolitions: For the battlefront to advance, an elite team must knock out a key generatorum, gate control, orbital laser or
other high-priority target.
5 Die Well: The situation is desperate, the enemy advancing. Stand your ground and die well for your Emperor!
6 Raiders: An ammo dump, command relay or supply line must be eliminated deep behind enemy lines.
7 Capture Location: The value of these coordinates cannot be overstated; they must be seized at any price.
8 Recon: With auspex down and the foe on the move, intelligence must be gathered by soldiers on the ground.
9 Messengers: Amidst the maelstrom of the battlefield, a crucial message must be borne safely to high command.
10 Looters: This squad has gone off the grid, hunting for riches fabled to be lying in no man’ sland.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: TRAIT
1 Faithful: These warriors are lent zealous courage by their faith in the Emperor.
2 Parade Ground Drilled: This squad is smartly presented and crisply efficient at all times.
3 Tunnel Fighters: This squad excels in the hellish confines of ducts, tunnels and crawl-ways.
4 City Fighters: These warriors know how to survive and prevail in tangled urban war zones.
5 Death Worlders: Many worlds in the Imperium are hazardous in the extreme. This squad hails from such a planet, and its
members are renowned for their resulting toughness.
6 Xenos Hunters: This squad has fought many battles against a particular alien foe, and has learned how best to kill them.
7 Seen T ooMuch: The mind of man can take only so much horror. These soldiers have been pushed far beyond that line.
8 Chem-addicts: The members of this squad habitually use chemical stimms to enhance their strength and banish their fear.
Of course, such an addiction has its drawbacks…
9 Gone Native: So long has this squad been in the field that its soldiers have become almost feral.
10 Killer Rep: Everyone knows that you don’tget in this squad’ sway – not if you value your life.
97

===== PDF page 99 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1 Dutiful: Orders must be followed to the letter, for such is the Guardsman’ slot.
2 Haunted: This warrior can never truly escape the voices of lost comrades. He stares and mutters constantly.
3 Nerves of Steel: This soldier is implacably calm and focused no matter the circumstances.
4 Pious: This warrior’ shymns spill out across the battlefield as he fights.
5 Eagle-eye: This warrior is a naturally gifted shot, able to drop an Ork from one hundred yards every time.
6 Courageous: A true exemplar of heroism in the face of unimaginable terrors.
7 Vengeful: This warrior lost his comrades to a particular race or enemy, and now he hates them with a singular passion.
8 Psycho: This knife-wielding madman giggles and shrieks as he slakes his bloodlust amongst the foe.
9 Expert: This warrior hasn’t survived as long as he has by chance alone. He’ sthe best of the best.
10 Gung-ho: The only approach this soldier knows is to kick down the door and storm in with guns blazing.
98

===== PDF page 100 =====

CADIAN NAME
GENERATOR TABLE
D66 TROOPER
11 Jens
12 Karsk
13 Hekler
14 Reeve
15 Pavlo
16 Hektor
21 Nils
22 Thenmann
23 Kyser
24 Erlen
25 Raphe
26 Creed
31 Lasko
32 Ackerman
33 Mattias
34 Mortens
35 Dansk
36 Feodor
41 T omas
42 Kolson
43 V ance
44 Pask
45 Niems
46 Gryf
51 Willem
52 Sonnen
53 Ekhter
54 Farestein
55 Dekker
56 Graf
61 Arvans
62 Viers
63 Kolm
64 Bask
65 V esker
66 Pavlo
CATACHAN NAME
GENERATOR TABLE
D66 TROOPER
11 Gunnarsen
12 Harker
13 Grytt
14 ‘Snake’ V andien
15 Greiss
16 Stryker
21 Storm
22 Lance
23 ‘Crazy’ Winters
24 Cage
25 Hammer
26 Cobra
31 ‘Hardhead’ Jackson
32 ‘Stonefist’Kage
33 ‘Boss’ Stransky
34 ‘Bomber’ Johnson
35 Jacksen
36 Marshall
41 ‘Fangs’ Lorson
42 ‘Cold-eye’ McKay
43 W olf
44 ‘Shiv’ Frost
45 Brent
46 ‘Ironheart’
McKillen
51 ‘Killer’ Crowe
52 ‘Wildman’W eiss
53 ‘Ice’ Creek
54 Dane
55 Steeljaw
56 Dransky
61 ‘Slim’ Hasker
62 Mason
63 Hawks
64 Axel
65 Carver
66 Payne
VALHALLAN NAME
GENERATOR TABLE
D66 TROOPER
11 V ensk
12 Skarrsen
13 Chernov
14 Dushenko
15 Rynsk
16 Gorska
21 V arence
22 Nyska
23 Putran
24 Dorff
25 Tyvosk
26 Polanski
31 Drekoff
32 V orn
33 Hapscheldt
34 Olof
35 Trevinska
36 Schonnen
41 Kleiss
42 Borys
43 Ivanek
44 Smirnek
45 Kuzentsev
46 V asilesnev
51 Petravitch
52 Skolov
53 Fedorev
54 Morazev
55 V olko
56 Lebesnev
61 Egoryn
62 Pavlek
63 Kozlev
64 Stepanovicz
65 Nikoli
66 Orlakev
TALLARN NAME
GENERATOR TABLE
D66 TROOPER
11 Alem
12 Hallain
13 Laskair
14 Nathal
15 Altarem
16 Mohal
21 Dharem
22 Hasman
23 Sonnam
24 Ushmet
25 Shadnan
26 Asphret
31 Ushad
32 Tal’hasen
33 Ashmyr
34 Shashlem
35 Haseed
36 Ushar
41 Raheim
42 Dassed
43 Sahleim
44 Alhret
45 Khaleeth
46 Eshmet
51 Ul’ shalem
52 Talannar
53 Al’phareim
54 El’ shan
55 Khabir
56 Khalym
61 ‘Swiftrider’
62 ‘Dunestrider’
63 ‘Hawkseye’
64 ‘Sand Devil’
65 ‘the Mirage’
66 ‘the Hunter’
99

===== PDF page 101 =====

AstraMilitarum KillT eams
ASTRA MILITARUMKILL TEAMS
Voice of Command: Once per battle round, if your
Leader is on the battlefield and not shaken, they can
issue an order to other members of your kill team at
the start of the Shooting phase. T oissue an order, pick
another friendly ASTRA MILITARUM model (other
than a shaken model) within 12" of your Leader and
choose which order you wish to issue from the list
opposite. A model may only be affected by one order
per battle round.
ASTRA MILITARUM Leaders in Kill T eamuse the Voice of Command ability below. In addition, if every
model in your kill team has the ASTRA MILITARUM Faction keyword, you can use Astra Militarum Tactics.
GET DOWN!
Astra Militarum Tactic
Use this Tactic in your opponent’ sturn in the
Shooting phase when they choose a model
from your kill team as a target, and your model is
obscured. Attacks that target that model in
this phase suffer an additional -1 penalty to their
hit rolls.
1 COMMAND POINT
RESERVES OF COURAGE
Astra Militarum Tactic
Use this Tactic at the start of your turn in the
Morale phase. Pick a model from your kill team
that is required to take a Nerve test. Roll a D3 for
that model rather than a D6 when taking the test.
1 COMMAND POINT
DEFENSIVE STAND
Astra Militarum Tactic
Use this Tactic when a charge is declared against a
model from your kill team. When that model fires
Overwatch this phase, they successfully hit on a
roll of 5 or 6.
2 COMMAND POINTS
CUNNING STRATEGY
Astra Militarum Tactic
Use this Tactic after your Leader has issued an
order. Y ourLeader may immediately issue an
additional order.
2 COMMAND POINTS
ASTRA MILITARUM ORDERS
ORDER
Take Aim!: Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for the ordered model until the
end of the phase.
Bring it Down!: Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for the ordered model
until the end of the phase.
Forwards, for the Emperor!: The ordered model can shoot even if
it Advanced in the previous Movement phase.
Get Back in the Fight!: The ordered model can shoot this phase,
even if it Fell Back in the Movement phase.
Move! Move! Move!: Instead of shooting this phase, the ordered
model immediately makes an Advance move as if it were the
Movement phase.
Fix Bayonets!: This order can only be issued to a model within 1"
of an enemy model. The ordered model immediately fights as if it
were the Fight phase.
100

===== PDF page 102 =====

Infantry Squad Guardsman
Special Weapons Squad Guardsman
INFANTRY SQUAD GUARDSMAN
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Guardsman 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 5+ -
Guardsman Gunner 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 5+ 1
Sergeant 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 7 5+ 1
This model is armed with a lasgun and frag grenades.
One Guardsman in your kill team can be a Guardsman Gunner, and one Guardsman in your kill team can be a Sergeant. A Sergeant is instead
armed with a laspistol, chainsword and frag grenades.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Guardsman in your kill team may take a vox-caster.
• A Guardsman Gunner may replace their lasgun with a flamer, grenade launcher, meltagun, plasma gun or
sniper rifle.
• A Sergeant may replace their laspistol with a bolt pistol or plasma pistol. They may also replace their chainsword
with a power sword.
ABILITIES Voice of Command (pg 100)
Vox-caster: Y oucan re-roll failed Nerve tests for ASTRA MILITARUM models while a friendly model with a vox-
caster is on the battlefield and not shaken.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sergeant only), Heavy (Gunner only), Comms (Guardsman with vox-caster only), Demolitions,
Scout, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASTRA MILITARUM
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, INFANTRY ,INFANTRYSQUAD GUARDSMAN
SPECIAL WEAPONS SQUAD GUARDSMAN
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Special Weapons Guards-
man 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 5+ -
Special Weapons Gunner 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 5+ 3
This model is armed with a lasgun and frag grenades.
Up to three Special W eaponsGuardsmen in your kill team can be Special W eaponsGunners.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Special W eaponsGunner may replace their lasgun with a flamer, grenade launcher, meltagun, plasma gun or
sniper rifle.
ABILITIES Voice of Command (pg 100)
SPECIALISTS Heavy (Gunner only), Leader, Comms, Demolitions, Scout, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASTRA MILITARUM
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, INFANTRY ,SPECIAL WEAPONS SQUAD GUARDSMAN
101

===== PDF page 103 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
Militarum T empestusScion
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 -
Flamer 8" Assault D6 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Frag grenade 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
Grenade launcher When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Frag grenade 24" Assault D6 3 0 1 -
- Krak grenade 24" Assault 1 6 -1 D3 -
Hot-shot lasgun 18" Rapid Fire 1 3 -2 1 -
Hot-shot laspistol 6" Pistol 1 3 -2 1 -
Hot-shot volley gun 24" Heavy 4 4 -2 1 -
Krak grenade 6" Grenade 1 6 -1 D3 -
Lasgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 3 0 1 -
Laspistol 12" Pistol 1 3 0 1 -
Meltagun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Plasma gun When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 24" Rapid Fire 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 24" Rapid Fire 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out of
action after all of this weapon’ sshots have been resolved.
Plasma pistol When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 12" Pistol 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 12" Pistol 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out
of action.
Sniper rifle 36" Heavy 1 4 0 1
A model firing a sniper rifle does not suffer the penalty
to hit rolls for the target being at long range. If you roll
a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon, it inflicts a mortal
wound in addition to its normal damage.
MILITARUM TEMPESTUS SCION
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Scion 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ -
Scion Gunner 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ 4
T empestor 6" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 2 7 4+ 1
This model is armed with a hot-shot lasgun, frag grenades and krak grenades.
Up to four Scions in your kill team can be Scion Gunners, and one Scion in your kill team can be a T empestor.A T empestoris instead armed
with a hot-shot laspistol, chainsword and frag and krak grenades.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Scion in your kill team may take a vox-caster.
• A Scion Gunner may replace their hot-shot lasgun with a flamer, meltagun, plasma gun or hot-shot volley gun.
• A T empestormay replace their hot-shot laspistol with a bolt pistol or plasma pistol.
• A T empestormay replace their chainsword with a power sword or power fist.
ABILITIES Voice of Command (pg 100)
Vox-caster: Y oucan re-roll failed Nerve tests for ASTRA MILITARUM models while a friendly model with a vox-
caster is on the battlefield and not shaken.
SPECIALISTS Leader (T empestoronly), Demolitions (Gunner only), Heavy (Gunner only), Comms, Medic, Scout,
Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASTRA MILITARUM
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, MILITARUMTEMPESTUS, INFANTRY ,MILITARUMTEMPESTUS SCION
102

===== PDF page 104 =====

MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Chainsword Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Power fist Melee Melee x2 -3 D3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
Power sword Melee Melee User -3 1 -
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Infantry Squad Guardsman 5
- Guardsman Gunner 5
- Sergeant 5
Militarum T empestusScion 9
- Scion Gunner 10
- T empestor 10
Special W eaponsSquad Guardsman 5
- Special W eaponsGunner 5
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Bolt pistol 0
Flamer 3
Frag grenade 0
Grenade launcher 2
Hot-shot lasgun 0
Hot-shot laspistol 0
Hot-shot volley gun 3
Krak grenade 0
Lasgun 0
Laspistol 0
Meltagun 3
Plasma gun 3
Plasma pistol 1
Sniper rifle 1
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Chainsword 0
Power fist 2
Power sword 1
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
V ox-caster 5
‘Give me ten good
men and women with
the sense to fight smart
and the skills to fight
well, the faith to hold
their ground and the
wits to follow orders.
Give me that, and I’ll
give you victory. ’
- Lieutenant Obadiah
Sterophensky, mission
commander of Operation
Sudden Blade
103

===== PDF page 105 =====

ADEPTUS MECHANICUS
THE FORGE WORLDS
Though they first rose to prominence on Mars, the
priesthood of the Adeptus Mechanicus spread out
across the stars during the earliest days of Imperial
expansion. They claimed many planets as their
own sovereign domains, and these became forge
worlds. From Triplex Phall to Ryza, Metalica to
Gryphonne IV ,each world was transformed from
a verdant and resource-rich paradise into a fortress
of seething industry, a smog-wreathed temple to
the Omnissiah. Many of the forge worlds survive
to this day, and are the principal providers of the
Imperium’ smilitary materiel.
ADEPTUS MECHANICUS
Th e Adeptus Mechanicus worship the Emperor in
his aspect as the Omnissiah, the god of all machines.
T othe T ech-Priests presiding over their factory-like
forge worlds, mortal flesh is weak, and from ruling
magi to lowly Servitors the Adeptus Mechanicus
augment their bodies with cybernetic components,
transcending human emotion and replacing it with
cold, inescapable logic.
Their armies are made up of warriors known as Skitarii,
whose maniples are part religious procession and part
grinding, inexorable war machine. As merciless as the
engines they worship, rank upon rank of augmetic
warriors advance towards their target with guns blazing.
Safely ensconced in orbiting warships or bunker
complexes, magi inload doctrina imperatives, control
signals that pass through the Skitarii like a religious
rapture. Rendered fearless and martially optimised by
the commands of their betters, the Skitarii advance
gladly into the most hellish war zones, giving no
thought to their own survival providing the will of the
Machine God is done.
The weapons the Skitarii wield in these wars of
auto-religious conquest are ferociously destructive,
incorporating technologies so potent that they resemble
dark and murderous miracles. Loping war engines
and many-legged tanks loom over the Skitarii ranks,
their guns spitting atomising beams of pure energy and
searing arcs of actinic lightning that pass through the
enemy like vengeful ghosts and leave naught but charred
corpses in their wake.
The Adeptus Mechanicus is ancient and powerful. Hoarding and ambitious, the T ech-Priestsof Mars
view the acquisition of knowledge as a holy directive. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the
following pages, you can generate names and background for your Skitarii kill teams.
Adeptus Mechanicus kill teams scour the galaxy for
information and lost archeotech, exterminating any
they deem tech-heretics. Composed of warriors who are
more machine than man, each kill team is optimised
to carry out specific sets of battlefield protocols. With
every encounter, the members of a kill team gather
more data concerning their enemy, and adapt their
subroutines to eliminate any threat.
Adeptus Mechanicus kill teams have access to a wide
array of weaponry that is unseen among other Imperial
forces. Furthermore, their cybernetics let them wage
skirmishing campaigns in environments that would
kill unaugmented soldiers, allowing them to infiltrate
enemy compounds in rad-blasted wastes or conduct
hit-and-run attacks for months on end without
sustenance or shelter. This they do for the glory of the
Machine God, and they praise him in battle through the
incantation of static-ridden psalms.
104

===== PDF page 106 =====

D10 MISSION: FUNCTION
1 Defend the Sacred T echnologies:The gifts of the Omnissiah must be defended at any cost.
2 Recover a Holy Prize: The Omnissiah lays claim to all technologies, whether they are willingly given or no.
3 Biologis Sample Extraction: Biosamples must be taken from live subjects to further the Magi Biologis’ knowledge.
4 Strategic Martyrdom: The Skitarii must march into the guns of the foe, and through their sacrifice reveal where the enemy’ s
defences exhibit exploitable weaknesses.
5 Smite a T ech-heretic:Those who profane the holy machine, be they xenos artificers or heretical W arpsmiths,must be slain
by its true disciples.
6 Eliminate Heretical Machineries: The galaxy is rife with the corrupted technological works of deviants. They must be
destroyed, lest they offend the Omnissiah’ seyes.
7 Righteous Auto-castigation: The Skitarii must prove their faith by unleashing the blessed energies of their sacred electoos.
8 Root Out T echno-dissidents:Those ignorant fools that attempt to sabotage the holy machine, or decry its divine nature,
must be hunted down and slain.
9 Eradicate False T estament:It is not for lesser men to judge the works of the Omnissiah’ sservants, and without supposed
proof there can be no judgement.
10 Victory for Logic: A supernatural threat is skewing the cogitations of the T ech-Priestswith impossible variables. As it cannot
exist in the first place, it must be swiftly eliminated to prevent noospheric corruption.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: UNSANCTIONED DIVERGENCE
1 Acquisitive: Offer unto the Omnissiah his due, regardless of the obstacles that stand in your way or the false priorities
imposed by those of the flesh.
2 Jealous Guardians: None shall lay a hand upon the holy machine, nor even look upon its iron countenance, while you
maintain your vigil.
3 Mindlessly Devout: Y ouare but cogs, and turn only at the Omnissiah’ sbidding. Y ouact only when divine guidance strikes.
4 Requiring Re-sanctification: Skitarii too long in the field become corrupted by fragments of scrap data that can make them
sluggish or unpredictable.
5 Monotask: There is purity in a singular obsession, pursued with mechanistic devotion to the exclusion of all else.
6 Pursuing Auto-perfection: Whether it be a blade thrust or the pull of a carbine’ strigger, a deed must be repeated ad
infinitum until it attains the perfection of worship.
7 Cybernetic Ascension: Pain, fear, sorrow – all these are weaknesses of the flesh that have long been left behind.
8 Mercilessly Decisive: Logic dictates that the enemy must be annihilated regardless of the cost, and to you, logic is all.
9 Secretive: Behind screens of stealth technology and auspex-obfuscation, your hidden holy works proceed apace.
10 Beyond the Crux Mechanicus: Y ourwarriors are now so blessed that they are more machine than flesh, and all the more
resilient for it.
D10 BACKGROUND: DESIGNATION
1 Explorator T eam:The members of this kill team are conquerors who use the light of knowledge to drive back the shadow of
ignorance amidst a galaxy of darkness and superstition.
2 Archeotech Hunters: These warriors seek ancient lore and holy technologies, such as archeotech troves and sacred STCs.
3 Elimination Clade: This kill team has been assembled to neutralise a specific target, be it a sinner in the Omnissiah’ seyes or a
hated servant of the dreaded Dark Mechanicum.
4 Campaign Veterans: These are surviving Skitarii from a long-fought conflict, meshing like cogs to form a deadly machine.
5 Titan Guards: These Skitarii are blessed garrison guardians of a mighty god-machine, protecting the colossal war engine
while it is quiescent, or striking at some threat beyond its reach.
6 Rad-zone Corps: W arriorswhose way of war bathes the battlefield in purifying radiation, this kill team seeks to fashion a
promised land in which only true servants of the Omnissiah can endure.
7 Infiltrator Clade: This is a fast-moving band of elite Skitarii poised to strike at optimal targets, be they communication relays,
command centres or the enemy’ sprofane technologies.
8 Domination Cadre: A force assembled with endurance in mind, this kill team has been tasked with seizing and holding a
specific location or asset, regardless of cost in life.
9 Itratii Cadre: Cataloguing the capabilities of the weapons they wield, or the foes they turn them upon, is the speciality of this
kill team.
10 Corpus-Sanctarii Clade: Elite bodyguards of a high-ranking T ech-Priest,these Skitarii are duty-bound to protect him and
his works at all costs.
105

===== PDF page 107 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1
Meticulously Observant: The slightest weakness
in the enemy’ sarmour is laid bare to this warrior’ s
augmetic perceptions.
2
Binharic Piety: This warrior is given to strident
pronunciations in binharic cant whenever they act
in anger.
3
Biologis Cognis: Databanks singing with holy
knowledge of the enemy’ sbiology, this warrior knows
just how – and where – to damage their foes the most.
4
Mechadominus: Hostile machineries recoil
and malfunction in fear at this warrior’ s
autobellicose presence.
5
Defensor Majoris: Nothing is more sacred to this
warrior than the holy works of the Omnissiah, and he
will abandon all other priorities to defend them.
6
Memeglitch: With their noospheric intake corrupted by
tireless service, this warrior has developed biological tics
and twitches they cannot control.
7
Uncompromator Doctrines: This warrior is ruthless
in the extreme, willing to expend the lives of every
comrade they fight with if it will secure victory.
8 Ironstride: This warrior is never still, glorying in the
perpetual motive force of the Omnissiah.
9
Strategic Chorister: Infobanks of oracular and tactico-
predictive engrams allow this warrior to constantly
exload optimal instructions to their comrades.
10
Autopuritanical Ballistics: This warrior preserves
the sacred munitions gifted to them by the Omnissiah
by ensuring that every round is placed with
optimised lethality.
SKITARII
D66 ALPHA
COMPONENT BETA COMPONENT
11 Sy-gex -511
12 Tyr -1111
13 Dak -XXVII
14 Ar -802
15 Kappic-Schoelendt -323/mk12
16 Tyba -089
21 Dorox -744
22 Alb -VII
23 Zyto-Neumann -18.1
24 Xixos -656
25 Kau -IV
26 Rho -110
31 Delpha -0.4343
32 Chu -97/mk24
33 Ix -XIX
34 Neng-Pho -7
35 Bheta -110100
36 Zhu -3.16
41 Lho -961.34254
42 T eppa-Nyxos -MXV
43 Kor -99
44 Dox -2918
45 Sek -888.88
46 Gryphonne-Reductus -404
51 T ov -1010
52 Eq -0.44//K
53 Mu -745
54 Rhy -66.75/mk98
55 Dos -1/1/2
56 Exitor-Dho -99941
61 Fel -83.2
62 Actus -575
63 Xor -79.09/5
64 Decima -668.2
65 Rax -1/5
66 Kas -666/2
‘Know, absolutely, that your life means
nothing. Cogitate this fact. Recognise its
veracity. Assess every implication that it has
regarding the nature of your existence. Make
it the core logical constant around which you
order your mental, biological and mechanical
subroutines. Accept, then, that only your
service to the Omnissiah gives you meaning,
purpose. Th uscan you best condition yourself
to be a vessel of his will. ’
- Magos-Didactus T artholomyr Drox to
Skitarii Maniple Typhor-998/56-c
106

===== PDF page 108 =====

Adeptus Mechanicus Kill T eams
CANTICLES OF THE OMNISSIAH TABLE
D6 CANTICLE
1 Incantation of the Iron Soul: Y oucan re-roll failed Nerve
tests for models in your kill team.
2
Litany of the Electromancer: Roll a D6 for each enemy
model within 1" of any models in your kill team at the
start of the Fight phase. On a 6, that enemy model suffers
1 mortal wound.
3 Chant of the Remorseless Fist: Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
models in your kill team in the Fight phase.
4
Shroudpsalm: When an enemy player makes a hit roll
for a shooting attack that targets a model from your kill
team, and that model is obscured, that hit roll suffers an
additional -1 modifier.
5 Invocation of Machine Might: Add 1 to the Strength
characteristic of models in your kill team.
6 Benediction of the Omnissiah: Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
models in your kill team in the Shooting phase.
ADEPTUS MECHANICUS KILL TEAMS
Canticles of the Omnissiah: At the start of each battle
round, pick which Canticle of the Omnissiah from the
table opposite is in effect until the end of the battle
round. The same Canticle may not be picked twice
during the same battle.
Alternatively, you can randomly determine which
Canticle of the Omnissiah is in effect by rolling a D6
and consulting the table opposite. Note that if you
randomly determine a Canticle, it takes effect even if the
same Canticle has been in effect earlier in the battle.
ADEPTUS MECHANICUS models in Kill T eamuse the Canticles of the Omnissiah ability below. In addition,
if every model in your kill team has the ADEPTUS MECHANICUS Faction keyword, you can use Adeptus
Mechanicus Tactics.
DUNESTRIDER
Adeptus Mechanicus Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Movement phase when a
model from your kill team Advances. Roll two
dice and pick which result to use when making the
Advance roll.
1 COMMAND POINT
GLORIA MECHANICUS
Adeptus Mechanicus Tactic
Use this Tactic after determining which Canticle
of the Omnissiah is in effect this battle round.
Randomly determine a Canticle of the Omnissiah
– that Canticle is in effect instead.
1 COMMAND POINT
CONQUEROR DOCTRINA IMPERATIVE
Adeptus Mechanicus Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to fight in the Fight phase. Add 1 to hit
rolls for the model until the end of the phase. If the
model is within 6" of a friendly model equipped
with an enhanced data-tether, you can add 2 to the
hit rolls instead.
2 COMMAND POINTS
PROTECTOR DOCTRINA IMPERATIVE
Adeptus Mechanicus Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to shoot in the Shooting phase. Add
1 to hit rolls for the model until the end of the
phase. If the model is within 6" of a friendly model
equipped with an enhanced data-tether, you can
add 2 to the hit rolls instead.
2 COMMAND POINTS
107

===== PDF page 109 =====

Skitarii Ranger
Skitarii V anguard
SKITARII RANGER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Skitarii Ranger 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ -
Ranger Gunner 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ 3
Ranger Alpha 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 2 7 4+ 1
This model is armed with a galvanic rifle.
Up to three Skitarii Rangers in your kill team can be Ranger Gunners, and one Skitarii Ranger in your kill team can be a Ranger Alpha.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Skitarii Ranger in your kill team may take an enhanced data-tether or an omnispex.
• A Ranger Gunner may replace their galvanic rifle with an arc rifle, plasma caliver or transuranic arquebus.
• A Ranger Alpha may replace their galvanic rifle with one of the following pistols and one of the following
melee weapons: arc pistol, phosphor blast pistol or radium pistol; arc maul, power sword or taser goad.
ABILITIES Canticles of the Omnissiah (pg 107)
Bionics: This model has a 6+ invulnerable save.
Enhanced Data-tether: Y oucan re-roll failed Nerve
tests for SKITARII models while a friendly model
with an enhanced data-tether is on the battlefield and
not shaken.
Omnispex: At the start of each Shooting phase, you can
choose another SKITARII model within 3" of a friendly
model equipped with an omnispex that is not shaken.
That model does not suffer penalties to their hit or
injury rolls due to their target being obscured.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Alpha only), Heavy (Gunner only), Comms, Scout, Sniper, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS MECHANICUS
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, SKITARII, INFANTRY ,SKITARII RANGER
SKITARII VANGUARD
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Skitarii V anguard 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ -
V anguardGunner 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ 3
V anguardAlpha 6" 4+ 3+ 3 3 1 2 7 4+ 1
This model is armed with a radium carbine.
Up to three Skitarii V anguardin your kill team can be V anguardGunners, and one Skitarii V anguardin your kill team can be a V anguardAlpha.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Skitarii V anguardin your kill team may take an enhanced data-tether or an omnispex.
• A V anguardGunner may replace their radium carbine with an arc rifle, plasma caliver or transuranic arquebus.
• A V anguardAlpha may replace their radium carbine with one of the following pistols and one of the
following melee weapons: arc pistol, phosphor blast pistol or radium pistol; arc maul, power sword or
taser goad.
ABILITIES Canticles of the Omnissiah (pg 107)
Bionics: This model has a 6+ invulnerable save.
Rad-saturation: Reduce the T oughnesscharacteristic
of enemy models by 1 whilst they are within 1" of one
or more models with this ability.
Omnispex: At the start of each Shooting phase, you can
choose another SKITARII model within 3" of a friendly
model equipped with an omnispex that is not shaken.
That model does not suffer penalties to their hit or
injury rolls due to their target being obscured.
Enhanced Data-tether: Y oucan re-roll failed Nerve
tests for SKITARIImodels while a friendly model with an
enhanced data-tetheris on the battlefieldand not shaken.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Alpha only), Heavy (Gunner only), Comms, Scout, Sniper, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS MECHANICUS
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, SKITARII, INFANTRY ,SKITARII V ANGUARD
108

===== PDF page 110 =====

Sicarian Ruststalker
Sicarian Infiltrator
SICARIAN RUSTSTALKER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Sicarian Ruststalker 8" 3+ 3+ 4 3 2 3 6 4+ -
Ruststalker Princeps 8" 3+ 3+ 4 3 2 4 7 4+ 1
This model is armed with a transonic razor and chordclaw.
One Sicarian Ruststalker in your kill team can be a Ruststalker Princeps.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Sicarian Ruststalker may replace their transonic razor and chordclaw with transonic blades.
• A Ruststalker Princeps may replace their transonic razor with transonic blades.
ABILITIES Canticles of the Omnissiah (pg 107)
Bionics: This model has a 6+ invulnerable save.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Princeps only), Combat, Comms, Scout, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS MECHANICUS
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, SKITARII, INFANTRY ,SICARIAN RUSTSTALKER
SICARIAN INFILTRATOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Sicarian Infiltrator 8" 3+ 3+ 4 3 2 2 6 4+ -
Infiltrator Princeps 8" 3+ 3+ 4 3 2 3 7 4+ 1
This model is armed with a stubcarbine and power sword.
One Sicarian Infiltrator in your kill team can be an Infiltrator Princeps.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its stubcarbine and power sword with a flechette blaster and taser goad.
ABILITIES Canticles of the Omnissiah (pg 107)
Bionics: This model has a 6+ invulnerable save.
Neurostatic Aura: Subtract 1 from the Leadership characteristic of enemy models whilst they are within 3" of one
or more models with this ability.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Princeps only), Combat, Comms, Scout, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD ADEPTUS MECHANICUS
KEYWORDS IMPERIUM, SKITARII, INFANTRY ,SICARIAN INFILTRATOR
109

===== PDF page 111 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Arc pistol 12" Pistol 1 6 -1 1 -
Arc rifle 24" Rapid Fire 1 6 -1 1 -
Flechette blaster 12" Pistol 5 3 0 1 -
Galvanic rifle 30" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -1.
Phosphor blast pistol 12" Pistol 1 5 -1 1 Attacks made with this weapon do not suffer the penalty
to hit rolls for the target being obscured.
Plasma caliver When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 18" Assault 2 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 18" Assault 2 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out of
action after all of this weapon’ sshots have been resolved.
Radium carbine 18" Assault 3 3 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with a Damage of 3.
Radium pistol 12" Pistol 1 3 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with a Damage of 2.
Stubcarbine 18" Pistol 3 4 0 1 -
Transuranic arquebus 60" Heavy 1 7 -2 D3
This weapon cannot be fired if the firing model
moved during the Movement phase. A model firing a
transuranic arquebus does not suffer the penalty to hit
rolls for the target being at long range. Each time you
make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon, it inflicts a
mortal wound in addition to the normal damage.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Arc maul Melee Melee +2 -1 1 -
Chordclaw Melee Melee User 0 D3
A chordclaw can only be used to make one attack each
time this model fights. Each time you make a wound
roll of 6+ with this weapon, the target suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead of the normal damage.
Power sword Melee Melee User -3 1 -
Taser goad Melee Melee +2 0 1 Each hit roll of 6+ with this weapon causes 3 hits rather
than 1.
Transonic blades Melee Melee +1 0 1
Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ with this
weapon, the target suffers a mortal wound instead of the
normal damage.
Transonic razor Melee Melee User 0 1
Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ with this
weapon, the target suffers a mortal wound instead of the
normal damage.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Sicarian Infiltrator 14
- Infiltrator Princeps 15
Sicarian Ruststalker 14
- Ruststalker Princeps 15
Skitarii Ranger 9
- Ranger Gunner 10
- Ranger Alpha 10
Skitarii V anguard 9
- V anguardGunner 10
- V anguardAlpha 10
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Arc pistol 0
Arc rifle 0
Flechette blaster 0
Galvanic rifle 0
Phosphor blast pistol 0
Plasma caliver 3
Radium carbine 0
Radium pistol 0
Stubcarbine 0
Transuranic arquebus 5
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Arc maul 0
Chordclaw 1
Power sword 0
Taser goad 1
Transonic blades 0
Transonic razor 0
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Enhanced data-tether 5
Omnispex 1
110

===== PDF page 112 =====

‘Detecting a seven-point-three per cent
operational weakness in left flank of enemy
defensive formation. Direct all fire on the
following targeting coordinates for optimal
strategic exploitation… ’
- Vanguard Alpha Dorox-0.4343
111

===== PDF page 113 =====

HERETIC ASTARTES
HERETIC ASTARTES
Heretic Astartes are dark mirrors of their loyalist
counterparts. Some of these Chaos Space Marines are
newly fallen, renegades that have turned their backs
upon the Emperor’ slight in the hopes of personal
power. Others are ancient beings, the same warriors
that followed the Traitor Primarchs into damnation ten
thousand years ago during the days of the Horus Heresy.
Many exhibit twisted physiologies and sorcerous talents;
others wield strange and terrible weapons, or pursue
especially cruel ways of war.
Every Chaos Space Marine fights for themselves, for
personal gain and advancement over their peers. Some
are self-determining beings that have thrown off the
shackles of Imperial rule and seek nothing more than
to maraud across the galaxy, wreaking havoc amongst
those they were once sworn to defend. Others give their
worship to the Dark Gods of Chaos, their every deed
calculated to catch the fleeting gaze of their patron
deity – or indeed all of the Ruinous Powers – and thus
be granted boons of unnatural power beyond the ken of
mortal minds.
From the cruel siegemasters of the Iron W arriorsand
the murderous terror troops of the Night Lords, to the
arch-heretics of the Black Legion, the zealous fanatics
of the W ordBearers, the duplicitous and cunning
Alpha Legion, and many more, each Traitor Legion
and Renegade Chapter fights in their own fashion, yet
all seek the same end goal: the utter annihilation of the
False Emperor’ srealm. With the emergence of the Great
Rift, such is a fate that seems closer to fulfilment than
ever before.
Twisted and corrupt, the Heretic Astartes are traitor Space Marines who have fallen from the Emperor’s
grace. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following pages, you can generate names and
background for your Heretic Astartes kill teams.
Heretic Astartes kill teams vary enormously, dependent
upon which Traitor Legion or Renegade Chapter they
hail from, and which god or gods they worship. Some
are small, elite groups of killers, while others include
throngs of chanting cultists amongst their ranks. Many
Heretic Astartes kill teams are made up of warriors
more like unto maddened bloodhounds than veteran
soldiers, whilst those truly touched by the warp are
demented and inhuman beyond all reason.
The inconstant nature of the dominions ruled over by
the Heretic Astartes breeds strange bedfellows. It is not
uncommon to see a kill team made up of worshippers
of different Chaos Gods or even the devoted servants
of rival Daemons working to outdo one another. Many
include mortal Chaos Cultists who strive to impress
their masters with their fervour, even as they struggle
to keep up with their merciless pace. Only by their
leader’ ssheer willpower and lethality are they bound
into a semblance of a unified force. All, however, have
an abiding hatred for the Imperium, and a deep-seated
desire to put the galaxy to flame.
THE CHAOS GODS
The Chaos Gods lurk in the warp, twisted siblings
that vie for power both within their own realms
and over the coveted reaches of realspace. Khorne
is the Blood God, the Lord of Murder, whose
worshippers seek to offer up endless mountains
of skulls in his name. Tzeentch is the Great
Conspirator, the Architect of Fate and Master of
Magic. Nurgle is the God of Plagues, who seeks
to spread his foul gifts to all living things, while
Slaanesh, the Dark Prince, is the god of excess,
whose worshippers inflict the greatest ecstasies and
agonies on themselves and their foes.
112

===== PDF page 114 =====

D10 MISSION: DREAD PURPOSE
1 T errorRaid: The enemy must be driven to such heights of fear and panic that their capacity to resist collapses altogether.
2 Seed Corruption: This warband seeks to spread the influence of the Dark Gods, profaning reality and opening the path for
the warp to spill forth.
3 Dark Ritual: The enemy must be seized and sacrificed to the Dark Gods, and the proper words intoned over their convulsing
bodies as they bleed.
4 Sunder the Gates: This kill team has been tasked with paving the way for a wider invasion by penetrating the enemy’ s
stronghold and sabotaging its defences.
5 Arcane Prize: Despatched by their powerful master, this kill team must acquire an eldritch artefact for him or die in
the attempt.
6 Faithbreakers: This kill team’ smission is to profane the enemy’ splaces of worship, tear down their idols and prove the
impotence of their false gods.
7 Seekers After Glory: This kill team aims to earn the blessings of the Dark Gods through suitably grand and bloody deeds.
8 Hand of the Gods: This warband must strike swiftly and with overwhelming force, eliminating a key strategic asset before
vanishing into the shadows.
9 Dark Guardians: This band of killers is sworn to protect some great champion or oracle of the Dark Gods, on pain of their
immortal souls.
10 Saboteurs: Loose behind enemy lines, this kill team seeks targets of opportunity and strikes wherever it can inflict the most
damage upon the foe.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: TWISTED NATURE
1 Embittered: Hatred fuels these cynical killers, and guides their every deed.
2 Berserk: This kill team views the galaxy through a red haze of murder-lust.
3 Devious: So long has this kill team used trickery and stealth to achieve their ends that their every act is obscured by lies.
4 Zealous: True devotees of the Chaos Gods, these warriors bellow praises to the dark pantheon as they fight.
5 Cruel: These warriors live to torment their victims, whether through psychological warfare or taking their time over killing
them slowly and painfully at close quarters.
6 Stolid: This kill team prefers to use defensive tactics and sheer resilience to win their battles.
7 Iron Discipline: Despite their current allegiances, these warriors still fight with all the ferocious efficiency and skill of the
Legions of old.
8 Arrogant: These warriors consider their enemies to be laughably beneath them, sneering at their every effort to fight back.
9 Insane: Perhaps guided by ineffable prophecy, or finally pushed past the final boundary of rational thought, the deeds of this
kill team seem like madness to their foes.
10 Possessed: These warriors have no will of their own, having surrendered their mortal forms to divine possession by
daemonic beings.
D10 BACKGROUND: DARK PACT
1 Champions All: Once part of a far larger warband, these few warriors have endured and prevailed, winning the blessings of
the Dark Gods where their comrades were found wanting.
2 Lost and Damned: These warriors have lost themselves entirely to madness and mutation.
3 Veterans of the Long W ar:Since the end of the Horus Heresy, these warriors have fought tirelessly for vengeance. They are
ancient and filled with hate.
4 Predators: Inhuman and terrifying, the members of this kill team act more like beasts hunting prey than trained soldiers.
5 W arp-infusedW arriors:This band of killers has been saturated with the dark energies of the warp, twisting into
bio-mechanical living weapons.
6 Tzeentch Worshippers: The members of this kill team are servants of the Great Conspirator, and their way of war is
accordingly convoluted and seemingly insane.
7 Khorne Worshippers: Blood for the Blood God! Skulls for the Skull Throne! The warriors in this warband are berserk
lunatics, and they care not from where the blood flows.
8 Slaanesh Worshippers: These warriors exist to experience – and to inflict – the most extreme physical and mental stimuli
through the medium of spectacular violence.
9 Nurgle Worshippers: This kill team is made up of the diseased and the plague-ridden, foul abominations who exist to spread
their god’ srevolting blessings.
10 Worldslayers: This kill team wield weapons of terrible destructive potency, and seek not merely conquest, but the wholesale
annihilation of all realspace.
113

===== PDF page 115 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOUR
1 Ultimate Veteran: This warrior has been fighting for many lifetimes of mortals, and has honed their skills to absolute perfection.
2 Cannibal: This monstrous renegade stops by each fallen victim to rip gobbets of their flesh free with his fangs, consuming their
strength and soul in the process.
3 Deranged: Giggling and singing dark, daemonic rhymes, this warrior appears utterly insane.
4 Blade-master: This warrior excels in duels, and seeks out the mightiest enemies to humble with his sword.
5 Visionary: Guided by portents and omens that only he can see, this warrior seems a superstitious madman or half-
intelligible oracle.
6 Living Canker: This warrior is corrupt beyond mortal endurance, an avatar of foulness and mutation that taints everything
he touches.
7 Unstoppable Force: Brutish and monstrous, this warrior smashes through everything in his path.
8 Twisted: Jealous and conniving, this warrior is utterly untrustworthy and will see anyone slain, friend or foe, if it is to his benefit.
9 True Believer: This warrior’ sfaith in the Dark Gods is unquestioning, his devotion absolute.
10 On the Brink: Laden down with dark boons, this warrior is a mere step away from an ascension to daemonhood, or else a
debased plunge into spawndom.
BLACK LEGION NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Zekyr Aximand
2 Dreccor the V engeful
3 Sorvram Thrice-Cursed
4 Thallos Korda
5 Zagator the Black
6 Korthranus Daemonsblade
7 Drekva Orakar
8 Th ygmor Naxos
9 Ashrok the Mad
10 Azmodial Faithslayer
ALPHA LEGION NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 CODENAME CYPHER
1 Kyphax Sheyr
2 Inigo Dynas
3 Thkeln Hertzor
4 Sylas Ranko
5 Armilus (no cypher)
6 Sheed 23-7
7 Eskyrx Legion
8 Jaego Phors
9 Askelitar Nul
10 Alpharius (no cypher)
EMPEROR’S CHILDREN NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Antinius Sellion
2 Eidelitor Thest
3 Ilitoias Atonian
4 T eloss V essatar
5 Abdemis Bericosian
6 Fabian Xandassus
7 Julianis Tresell
8 Abdelis V astorius
9 Lycon Kanasiar
10 Xiander the Perfect
WORLD EATERS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME HONORIFIC
1 Khargos Skullfiend
2 Drakh the Reaper
3 Ashkal Khorr
4 Gharrax the Butcher
5 Khorgor the Furious
6 Sorkhos Slaughterborn
7 Aggravax Foe Ripper
8 Ashkorh the Destroyer
9 Larsakh the Hound
10 Khaen Thaxxos
114

===== PDF page 116 =====

Chaos Cultist
Heretic Astartes Kill T eams
CHAOS CULTIST
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Chaos Cultist 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 5 6+ -
Chaos Cultist Gunner 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 5 6+ 2
Cultist Champion 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 6 6+ 1
This model is armed with an autogun.
Up to two Chaos Cultists in your kill team can be Chaos Cultist Gunners, and one Chaos Cultist in your kill team can be a Cultist Champion.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Chaos Cultist may replace their autogun with a brutal assault weapon and autopistol.
• A Chaos Cultist Gunner may replace their autogun with a flamer or heavy stubber.
• A Cultist Champion may replace their autogun with a shotgun, or a brutal assault weapon and autopistol.
ABILITIES Mark of Chaos: When you add a model with the <MARK OF CHAOS> keyword to your kill team, you can choose
to replace it with one of the following keywords: KHORNE, NURGLE, TZEENTCH or SLAANESH, or you can
choose for it to have no mark. If you choose a mark, note this on the model’ sdatacard.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Cultist Champion only), Heavy (Gunner only), Combat, Demolitions, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD HERETIC ASTARTES
KEYWORDS CHAOS, <MARK OF CHAOS>, INFANTRY ,CHAOS CULTIST
HERETIC ASTARTESKILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the HERETIC ASTARTESFaction keyword, you can use Heretic
Astartes Tactics.
DAEMON SPIRIT
Heretic Astartes Tactic
This Tactic is used at the end of the Movement
phase. Pick an enemy model within 1" of your
Leader and roll a D6. On a 4+ that enemy model
suffers 1 mortal wound.
2 COMMAND POINTS
BESEECH THE GODS
Heretic Astartes Tactic
Use this Tacticat the start of the first battle round.
Pick a model from your kill team and roll a D6. On
a 1 that model is found unworthyand suffers D3
mortal wounds. On a 2+ add 1 to hit and wound
rolls for the model until the end of the battle. Y ou
can only use this Tacticonce per battle.
2 COMMAND POINTS
VETERANS OF THE LONG WAR
Heretic Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic when a CHAOS SP ACEMARINE
model from your kill team is chosen to attack in
the Shooting or Fight phase. Y oucan add 1 to
wound rolls for the model’ sattacks that target
IMPERIUM models until the end of the phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
FURY OF KHORNE
Heretic Astartes Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Fight phase. Pick
a KHORNE model from your kill team that is
within 1" of an enemy model – your model can
immediately fight again.
2 COMMAND POINTS
115

===== PDF page 117 =====

Chaos Space Marine
‘ Asingle one of us is worth ten of your weakling so-called warriors and more. Y oustand as much chance
of prevailing against us as does your pathetic Imperium against the tide of madness that rises now to engulf
it utterly. Kneel before us, mortal, for we are the heralds of your end… ’
- Ashrok Korda, Aspiring Champion of the Black Legion
CHAOS ICONS
ICON MODEL EFFECT
Icon of Wrath KHORNE model only Y oucan re-roll charge rolls for KHORNE models within 6" of any friendly models equipped with an
Icon of Wrath.
Icon of Flame TZEENTCH model only
At the start of your turn in the Psychic phase, roll a D6 for each model from your kill team equipped
with an Icon of Flame. On a 6 inflict 1 mortal wound on the closest enemy model within 12" of the
model being rolled for.
Icon of Despair NURGLE model only Subtract 1 from the Leadership characteristic of enemy models within 6" of any models equipped
with an Icon of Despair.
Icon of Excess SLAANESH model only The Death to the False Emperor ability of models within 6" of any friendly models equipped with an
Icon of Excess takes effect on hit rolls of 5+ rather than 6+.
Icon of V engeance
Cannotbe taken by KHORNE,
TZEENTCH, NURGLE or
SLAANESH models
Add 1 to the Leadership characteristic of models within 6" of any friendly models equipped with an
Icon of V engeance.
CHAOS SPACE MARINE
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Chaos Space Marine 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ -
Chaos Space Marine
Gunner 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ 2
Aspiring Champion 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a boltgun, bolt pistol, frag grenades and krak grenades.
Up to two Chaos Space Marines in your kill team can be Chaos Space Marine Gunners, and one Chaos Space Marine in your kill team can be an
Aspiring Champion.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Chaos Space Marine may replace their boltgun with a chainsword.
• One Chaos Space Marine in your kill team may take a Chaos Icon. If they have the KHORNE, TZEENTCH,
NURGLE or SLAANESH keyword, they must have the appropriate Icon from the Chaos Icons list below. If they
have no mark, they must take an Icon of V engeance.
• One Chaos Space Marine Gunner in your kill team may replace their boltgun with a flamer, meltagun or
plasma gun.
• One Chaos Space Marine Gunner in your kill team may replace their boltgun with a heavy bolter.
• An Aspiring Champion may replace their bolt pistol with a plasma pistol. They may also replace their boltgun
with a chainsword, power sword or power fist.
ABILITIES Death to the False Emperor: If a model with this
ability makes an attack in the Fight phase which targets
an IMPERIUM model, each time you roll a hit roll of
6+ you may make an additional attack with the same
weapon against the same target. These attacks cannot
themselves generate any further attacks.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Mark of Chaos: When you add a model with the
<MARK OF CHAOS> keyword to your kill team, you
can choose to replace it with one of the following
keywords: KHORNE, TZEENTCH, NURGLE or
SLAANESH, or you can choose for it to have no mark.
If you choose a mark, note this on the model’ sdatacard.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Aspiring Champion only), Heavy (Gunner only), Demolitions, Sniper, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD HERETIC ASTARTES
KEYWORDS CHAOS, <MARK OF CHAOS>, INFANTRY ,CHAOS SP ACEMARINE
116

===== PDF page 118 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Autogun 24" Rapid Fire 1 3 0 1 -
Autopistol 12" Pistol 1 3 0 1 -
Bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 -
Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
Flamer 8" Assault D6 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Frag grenade 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
Heavy bolter 36" Heavy 3 5 -1 1 -
Heavy stubber 36" Heavy 3 4 0 1 -
Krak grenade 6" Grenade 1 6 -1 D3 -
Meltagun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Plasma gun When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 24" Rapid Fire 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 24" Rapid Fire 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out of
action after all of this weapon’ sshots have been resolved.
Plasma pistol When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 12" Pistol 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 12" Pistol 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out
of action.
Shotgun 12" Assault 2 3 0 1 If the target is within half range, add 1 to this weapon’ s
Strength.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Brutal assault weapon Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Chainsword Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Power fist Melee Melee x2 -3 D3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
Power sword Melee Melee User -3 1 -
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Chaos Cultist 4
- Chaos Cultist Gunner 5
- Cultist Champion 5
Chaos Space Marine 12
- Chaos Space Marine Gunner 13
- Aspiring Champion 13
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Autogun 0
Autopistol 0
Bolt pistol 0
Boltgun 0
Flamer 3
Frag grenade 0
Heavy bolter 3
Heavy stubber 0
Krak grenade 0
Meltagun 3
Plasma gun 3
Plasma pistol 1
Shotgun 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Brutal assault weapon 0
Chainsword 0
Power fist 4
Power sword 2
OTHER WARGEAR
Wargear POINTS PER ITEM
Icon of Wrath 5
Icon of Flame 1
Icon of Despair 3
Icon of Excess 5
Icon of V engeance 1
117

===== PDF page 119 =====

DEATH GUARD
D6 MISSION: GLORIOUS BURDEN
1
Defilers: This kill team must sow the foul blessings of
Nurgle amongst the enemy ranks to ensure maximum
plague saturation.
2 Seize and Profane: A vital location or enemy asset must
first be captured, and then utterly desecrated with filth.
3
Victory Through Endurance: For the glory of the
Legion, this kill team must withstand all the enemy can
hurl at them and still emerge victorious.
4 Sevenfold Slaughter: This kill team must slay seven
great enemy champions for the glory of Nurgle.
5
Fatal Infection: The masters of the Legion have declared
that an enemy leader must die in a truly terrible fashion.
This kill team has the honour of doing the deed.
6
W arp-spores:These warriors must sow the spores of
damnation throughout the region, each fresh canker
eroding reality until a full-scale breach into the Garden
of Nurgle becomes inevitable.
D6 BACKGROUND: FOUL NATURE
1
The Virulent: These warriors are infected with the
very foulest of Nurgle’ scontagions, and have devoted
themselves to spreading them far and wide.
2
Dark Alchemists: This kill team takes to the battlefield
to test the virulent weapons created by the Foul
Blightspawn and Biologus Putrifiers.
3
Trench Fighters: This kill team is equipped for close-
quarters offensives, using sheer endurance and point-
blank firepower to drive its enemies from the field.
4 Mortarion’sChosen: This band of plague champions
was hand-picked by the Daemon Primarch himself.
5
Reapers: This kill team fights not merely to defeat
the foe, but to effect their utter destruction, to leave
nothing but rotting flesh within which Nurgle’ spretties
can bloom.
6
Shepherds of the Neverdead: These warriors herd
hordes of Poxwalkers before them into battle, the better
to wear down and dismay the foe.
DEATH GUARD
For ten thousand years, the Death Guard have served
the Plague God Nurgle. Once they were a loyalist Space
Marine Legion, but during the Horus Heresy they
followed their embittered Primarch, Mortarion, into
rebellion and gave their souls to the Plague God, Nurgle.
Now their bodies are riddled with disease, inured to
an impossible level of pain by their bloated, mutated
nature. Wreathed in droning clouds of plague flies,
wielding revolting weapons that unleash weaponised
sicknesses and flesh-eating blights, these Plague Marines
spread the countless contagions of Nurgle to every
world upon which they set foot.
Death Guard kill teams tend to be compact and
incredibly durable. T oughbeyond mortal measure and
wielding weapons made even deadlier by plague, they
sow the seeds of new epidemics and wars wherever
Nurgle wills it. They trudge slowly and inexorably
towards the foe, arrogant in their sheer resilience and
the belief that Grandfather Nurgle has all eternity to
lavish his gifts upon the ungrateful foe. T error,sickness
and entropy are the weapons of these foul shock troops
– they delight in watching their enemies lose first their
nerve, then control of their bodies as the foul contagions
of Nurgle take hold, and finally their minds as they
realise their inescapable fate. Thus do the Death Guard
continue their advance over the bubbling remains of
their foes, already seeking new population centres to
enlighten with Nurgle’ smost generous creed.
The Death Guard are foulness made manifest. They are a vision of unnatural corruption, of nobility, courage
and strength perverted into rancour, rot and diseased might. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the
following pages, you can generate names and background for your Death Guard kill teams.
118

===== PDF page 120 =====

D6 SQUAD QUIRK: BLIGHTFUL BOON
1
Morbid Mirth: This band of warriors takes a foul glee in
their work, chortling with cruel laughter as they spread
sickness and despair.
2
Justifiable Arrogance: Revoltingly proud of their
Legion, these traitors are determined to uphold its
reputation as the galaxy’ smost unyielding martial force.
3 Dirgesong: As they fight, this kill team maintains a
sonorous song in praise of Nurgle’ sfoul might.
4
Vengeful: These warriors do not take losses well, and
will turn their full fury upon any enemy with the
temerity to fell one of their own.
5
Servants of Entropy: This kill team believes in wearing
its enemies down slowly, extracting the most pain and
suffering from them before the inevitable end.
6
Relentless: These warriors advance as steadily and
unstoppably as death itself, laying down a steady hail of
fire and never letting up.
D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1
Drudge: This warrior trudges into battle with near-
mindless stolidity, a living embodiment of misery
and despair.
2
Morbid Fascinations: This heretic is obsessed with the
effects of Nurgle’ sblessings upon living flesh. They will
always seek to get close to their victims, the better to
observe the rot setting in.
3
Jocular: This warrior delights in spreading the Plague
God’ sfoulness, chortling and singing merrily as battle
rages around him.
4
Generous: This warrior loves to spray plague-
impregnated shots into the enemy ranks,
indiscriminately spreading his deity’ srancid gifts.
5
Belligerent: This hulking warrior takes pleasure in
bludgeoning his victims into the ground with a steady
rain of crushing blows.
6
Meticulous: Slow but as relentless as the onset of a fatal
disease, this heretic disposes entirely of one luckless
victim before moving on to the next.
7
Deathflinger: Nothing gives this traitor more pleasure
than raining diseased explosives onto the heads of
the foe.
8
Reeking Horror: The disgusting stench that wafts from
this warrior’ sclammy folds is enough to make an Ogryn
vomit themselves unconscious.
9
Taking Samples: This warrior collects fluids, organs
and particularly delectable sores and buboes from
their fallen victims, selecting their treasures with an
expert eye.
10 Stubborn: Filled with grim determination, this warrior
will never give ground.
DEATH GUARD NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Gurloch Urghe
2 Suppurax V olghor
3 Golchor Grulgus
4 Festasmus the Pestilent
5 Rancidius the Reeking
6 Mulgh the Curdled
7 Shurgholgh Glouch
8 Bubox Muttermould
9 Pustus Thrax
10 Malignus Trudge
119

===== PDF page 121 =====



===== PDF page 122 =====

Death GuardKill T eams
DEATH GUARD KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the DEATH GUARD Faction keyword, you can use Death Guard Tactics.
NURGLING INFESTATION
Death Guard Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Movement phase.
Pick an enemy model within 1" of your Leader
and roll a D6. On a 4+ that enemy model suffers 1
mortal wound.
2 COMMAND POINTS
NURGLE’S GIFT
Death Guard Tactic
Use this Tactic after a POXW ALKERfrom your kill
team takes an enemy model out of action in the
Fight phase. Roll a D6. On a 4+ you may set up
a new Poxwalker within 1" of the Poxwalker that
made the attack. The new Poxwalker is treated
as a member of your kill team, but is not part
of a fire team (pg 204) and is not added to your
command roster.
1 COMMAND POINT
VETERANS OF THE LONG WAR
Death Guard Tactic
Use this Tactic when a PLAGUE MARINE model
from your kill team is chosen to attack in the
Shooting or Fight phase. Y oucan add 1 to wound
rolls for the model’ sattacks that target IMPERIUM
models until the end of the phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
PUTRID SPLATTER
Death Guard Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
loses a wound in the Fight phase. Roll a D6 for
each enemy model within 1" of that model. On a 6
that enemy model suffers 1 mortal wound after all
of its attacks have been resolved.
2 COMMAND POINTS
GRANDFATHER’S BLESSING
Death Guard Tactic
Use this Tacticat the start of the first battle round.
Pick a model from your kill team and roll a D6. On
a 1 that model is found unworthy and suffers D3
mortal wounds. On a 2+ add 1 to hit and wound
rolls for the model until the end of the battle. Y ou
can only use this Tactic once per battle.
2 COMMAND POINTS
CLOUD OF FLIES
Death Guard Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Movement phase.
Pick a model from your kill team. Until the end
of the battle round, enemy models can only shoot
that model if it is the closest target visible to them.
2 COMMAND POINTS
121

===== PDF page 123 =====

Plague Marine
Poxwalker
PLAGUE MARINE
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Plague Marine 5" 3+ 3+ 4 5 1 1 7 3+ -
Plague Marine Gunner 5" 3+ 3+ 4 5 1 1 7 3+ 2
Plague Marine Fighter 5" 3+ 3+ 4 5 1 2 7 3+ 2
Plague Champion 5" 3+ 3+ 4 5 1 2 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a plague knife, boltgun, blight grenades and krak grenades.
Up to two Plague Marines in your kill team can be Plague Marine Gunners, up to two Plague Marines in your kill team can be Plague Marine
Fighters, and one Plague Marine in your kill team can be a Plague Champion.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Plague Marine Gunner may replace their boltgun with a plague spewer, plague belcher, blight launcher,
meltagun or plasma gun.
• A Plague Marine Fighter may replace their boltgun with one of the following:
- a bubotic axe, great plague cleaver or flail of corruption
- a second plague knife
- a mace of contagion and bubotic axe
• A Plague Champion may replace their plague knife with a plaguesword.
• A Plague Champion may replace their boltgun with a bolt pistol, plasma pistol or plasma gun.
• A Plague Champion may take a power fist.
• One Plague Marine in your kill team may take an Icon of Despair.
ABILITIES Death to the False Emperor: If a model with this
ability makes an attack in the Fight phase which targets
an IMPERIUM model, each time you roll a hit roll of
6+ you may make an additional attack with the same
weapon against the same target. These attacks cannot
themselves generate any further attacks.
Transhuman Physiology: Ignore the penalty to this
model’ shit rolls from one flesh wound it has suffered.
Disgustingly Resilient: Each time a model with this
ability loses a wound, roll a D6; on a 5+ the model does
not lose that wound.
Icon of Despair: Subtract 1 from the Leadership
characteristic of enemy models within 6" of any models
equipped with an Icon of Despair.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Plague Champion only), Heavy (Gunner only), Zealot (Fighter only), Combat, Demolitions,
Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD DEATH GUARD
KEYWORDS CHAOS, NURGLE, HERETIC ASTARTES,INFANTRY ,PLAGUE MARINE
POXWALKER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Poxwalker 4" 5+ 6+ 3 3 1 2 4 7+ -
This model is armed with an improvised weapon.
ABILITIES Disgustingly Resilient: Each time a model with this ability loses a wound, roll a D6; on a 5+ the model does not
lose that wound.
SPECIALISTS Combat, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD DEATH GUARD
KEYWORDS CHAOS, NURGLE, HERETIC ASTARTES,INFANTRY ,POXW ALKER
‘Remember, brothers, that we too were soldiers of the false Imperium before the Primarch opened our
eyes. Do not hate your enemy, but rather pity them their ignorance, and be generous with your gifts so that
they too might know the glory of Nurgle. ’
- Plague Champion Repugnus Grolg of the Sevenfold Stricken
122

===== PDF page 124 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Blight grenade 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon.
Blight launcher 24" Assault 2 6 -2 D3 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon.
Bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 -
Boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1 -
Krak grenade 6" Grenade 1 6 -1 D3 -
Meltagun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Plague belcher 9" Assault D6 4 0 1 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon. This
weapon automatically hits its target.
Plague spewer 9" Heavy D6 5 -1 1 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon. This
weapon automatically hits its target.
Plasma gun When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 24" Rapid Fire 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 24" Rapid Fire 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out of
action after all of this weapon’ sshots have been resolved.
Plasma pistol When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 12" Pistol 1 7 -3 1 -
- Supercharge 12" Pistol 1 8 -3 2 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer is taken out
of action.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Bubotic axe Melee Melee +1 -2 1 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon.
Flail of corruption Melee Melee +2 -2 2 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon. Make
D3 hit rolls each time you attack with this weapon.
Great plague cleaver Melee Melee x2 -3 D6
Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon. When
attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1 from
the hit roll.
Improvised weapon Melee Melee User 0 1 -
Mace of contagion Melee Melee +2 -1 3
Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon. When
attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1 from
the hit roll.
Plague knife Melee Melee User 0 1 Y oucan re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this weapon.
Plaguesword Melee Melee User 0 1 Y oucan re-roll failed wound rolls for this weapon.
Power fist Melee Melee x2 -3 D3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Plague Marine 14
- Plague Marine Gunner 15
- Plague Marine Fighter 15
- Plague Champion 15
Poxwalker 3
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Blight grenade 0
Blight launcher 3
Bolt pistol 0
Boltgun 0
Krak grenade 0
Meltagun 3
Plague belcher 3
Plague spewer 4
Plasma gun 3
Plasma pistol 1
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Bubotic axe 2
Flail of corruption 4
Great plague cleaver 4
Improvised weapon 0
Mace of contagion 3
Plague knife 0
Plaguesword 0
Power fist 4
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Icon of Despair 3
123

===== PDF page 125 =====

THOUSAND SONS
THOUSAND SONS
The Thousand Sons are the arch-sorcerers of Chaos.
Deceit and betrayal led them to a terrible fate, and
transformed them into a terrifyingly powerful, but
ultimately damned, force of destruction. Thousand Sons
warbands launch their assaults from the strange Planet
of the Sorcerers, a world that – since the return of their
Primarch, Magnus the Red – has blighted the Prospero
System and the wider Imperium alike.
The kill teams of the Thousand Sons are often led by
potent Sorcerers of Tzeentch, whose command over
the energies of the warp allows them to engulf their
foes in mutating fires and shield their comrades behind
flickering walls of flame. Each kill team’ sagenda is
always to alter the strands of fate to better suit their
needs, though sometimes even they do not realise the
part their mission plays in Tzeentch’ sgreater plan.
Advancing in disturbing synchronicity alongside the
kill team’ sleaders come the Rubric Marines. Reduced
millennia ago to little more than armour shells filled
with semi-sentient dust thanks to a failed ritual, these
incredibly resilient warriors pitilessly turn their enemies
to ash with inferno bolts and warpflame. Mutated
beasts complete the twisted assemblage – Tzeentch-
worshipping Tzaangors that shriek in forbidden tongues
as they scavenge arcane treasures from slain foes. These
vicious creatures can tear a man in two with sinewy
claws, or hack them to pieces with their ornate blades.
The tang of sorcery taints the air as the Thousand Sons attack. Coruscating bolts of warp energy explode in
washes of mutating fire, while hails of ensorcelled rounds mow down the foe in the name of Tzeentch, Chaos
God of Change. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following pages, you can generate names and
background for your Thousand Sons kill teams.
D6 MISSION: INEFFABLE PURPOSE
1
Ritual Desecration: This kill team must use sorcery
and flame to scour places of enemy faith, the better
to weaken their defences against the empyric and
the infernal.
2
Abduction: This kill team is hunting a specific
individual, a luckless victim who must be snatched away
to further some esoteric Tzeentchian scheme.
3
Sowing Sorcery: Upon the orders of Magnus himself,
these warriors must etch glyphs of power across the war
zone in sorcerous flame, furthering his enigmatic ends.
4
Firestorm: All must burn in the mutating fires of
Tzeentch, until nothing but glowing ash and writhing
flesh remains.
5
Vengeance for Prospero: Never can the offences of the
past be forgiven. Ever must the Emperor’ sservants suffer
for what the Thousand Sons lost.
6
Hands of Fate: This kill team must perform a series of
vital tasks in order to change the fate of worlds, though
their deeds would seem almost random to an observer.
D6 BACKGROUND: PATH OF FATE
1
Heralds of Madness: This kill team seeks to drive their
enemies insane, burning away their wits amidst the fires
of magic and mutation.
2
Seekers After Sorcery: These warriors were gathered to
quest after arcane treasures, going to whatever ends they
must to acquire them for their sorcerous masters.
3 Arch-coven: This kill team serves an exceptional
gathering of psychically gifted warriors.
4
Relentless Destroyers: This kill team comprises a
hardened core of automaton-like warriors, armed for
the extermination of all who stand against them.
5
W arriorsOut of Time: Trapped on a Daemon world
or caught in the warp for millennia, these verdigrised
warriors have emerged like risen ghosts to continue the
Long W ar.
6
Daemonologists: This kill team’ severy action is ritual,
its every deed calculated to facilitate the summoning of
Tzeentch’ sdaemonic servants.
124

===== PDF page 126 =====

‘Every blow you seek to strike against me,
every ploy you attempt and plan you set in
motion, know that I have already foreseen
them and countered them all. Despair, for fate
itself is my weapon. ’
- Th anatek P’tor, Aspiring Sorcerer of Tzeentch,
Th ird Magister of the Hidden Path
D6 SQUAD QUIRK: MYSTERIOUS BOON
1 Aetheric Coronae: This kill team advances into battle
wreathed in spectral soul-fire.
2 One Will: Like puppets marching to a single beat, this
kill team acts with eerie coordination.
3
Single-minded: The warriors of this kill team show no
concern for their own safety, shrugging off incoming fire
as they advance relentlessly upon their objective.
4
Ancient Dust: The Rubricae of this kill team have begun
to lose their grip upon reality, and occasionally pause or
wander as though lost.
5
Superior: The leaders of this kill team look down
upon their foes from towering heights of dark wisdom
and arrogance.
6
Ghosts of the W arp:So saturated with sorcery are
these warriors that they flicker in and out of reality, pale
shades one moment, solid and deadly the next.
D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1 Enigmatic: This warrior is secretive and strange, their
deeds veiled in mystery.
2 Exacting: This warrior values precision over all, and will
repeat any action until it is perfect.
3 Ninefold W arrior:Everything this warrior does must
hark back to the sacred number of almighty Tzeentch.
4
W aris an Altar: This warrior seeks always to bring their
enemies to battle in close combat, the better to drive a
ritual dagger into their hearts.
5 The Madness of Tzeentch: This warrior is truly insane,
their words a cascade of babbling nonsense.
6 Unspeaking: Not a sound leaves this warrior’ slips, not
even a shout of anger or cry of pain.
7 Plans Within Plans: Nothing this warrior does is as it
seems, for their agendas are manifold and many-layered.
8
Prophesier: Driven by compulsion, this warrior blurts
out dire predictions that every deed their foes attempt
will fail.
9 Pyromaniac: Wherever possible, this warrior will
always use fire as their weapon.
10 Seething with Change: This warrior’ sform writhes and
mutates in a constant state of flux.
THOUSAND SONS NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 FORENAME SURNAME
1 Phosis T’Kor
2 Amonhep Basth
3 Basteq Takar
4 Apophitar Kallisar
5 Thotek Rhan
6 Kalophis P’Tra
7 Phael Manahkmor
8 Thotmas Shen
9 Imhoden Apophontar
10 Ankhu H’Kett
125

===== PDF page 127 =====



===== PDF page 128 =====

Thousand Sons Kill T eams
THOUSAND SONS KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the THOUSAND SONS Faction keyword, you can use Thousand
Sons Tactics.
MALICIOUS FAMILIAR
Thousand Sons Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Movement phase.
Pick an enemy model within 1" of your Leader
and roll a D6. On a 4+ that enemy model suffers 1
mortal wound.
1 COMMAND POINT
HUNGERING WARPFLAME
Thousand Sons Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Shooting phase when you
choose a model in your kill team to shoot with a
warpflamer or warpflame pistol. Until the end of
the phase, you can roll two dice when determining
the number of attacks made by that weapon and
pick the highest result.
1 COMMAND POINT
VETERANS OF THE LONG WAR
Thousand Sons Tactic
Use this Tactic when a RUBRIC MARINE model
from your kill team is chosen to attack in the
Shooting or Fight phase. Y oucan add 1 to wound
rolls for the model’ sattacks that target IMPERIUM
models until the end of the phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
SORCEROUS FOCUS
Thousand Sons Tactic
Use this Tactic at the start of your turn in the
Psychic phase. Pick a PSYKER model from your
kill team that is within 2" of at least two other
models from your kill team. Add 6" to the range
of this model’ sPsybolt psychic power until the
end of the phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
CYCLE OF SLAUGHTER
Thousand Sons Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Fight phase. Pick a
TZAANGOR from your kill team – that model can
immediately fight an additional time.
2 COMMAND POINTS
IMMOVABLE AUTOMATON
Thousand Sons Tactic
Use this Tactic when a Rubric Marine or Rubric
Marine Gunner from your kill team is taken out
of action. Roll a D6. On a 4+ that model suffers a
flesh wound instead.
2 COMMAND POINTS
127

===== PDF page 129 =====

Rubric Marine
Tzaangor
RUBRIC MARINE
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Rubric Marine 5" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ -
Rubric Marine Gunner 5" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 7 3+ 1
Aspiring Sorcerer 6" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 2 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with an inferno boltgun.
One Rubric Marine in your kill team can be a Rubric Marine Gunner, and one Rubric Marine in your kill team can be an Aspiring Sorcerer. An
Aspiring Sorcerer is instead armed with a force stave and inferno bolt pistol.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • An Aspiring Sorcerer may replace their inferno bolt pistol with a warpflame pistol.
• A Rubric Marine may replace their inferno boltgun with a warpflamer.
• A Rubric Marine Gunner may replace their inferno boltgun with a soulreaper cannon.
• One Rubric Marine in your kill team may take an Icon of Flame.
ABILITIES Death to the False Emperor: If a model with this ability makes an attack in the Fight phase which targets an
IMPERIUM model, each time you roll a hit roll of 6+ you may make an additional attack with the same weapon
against the same target. These attacks cannot themselves generate any further attacks.
All is Dust: Add 1 to saving throws for a Rubric Marine or Rubric Marine Gunner if the attack has a Damage
characteristic of 1. In addition, the -1 modifier to hit rolls for moving and shooting Heavy weapons does not apply
to Rubric Marine Gunners.
Favoured of Tzeentch: This model has a 5+ invulnerable save.
Icon of Flame: At the start of your turn in the Psychic phase, roll a D6 for each model from your kill team
equipped with an Icon of Flame. On a 6 inflict 1 mortal wound on the closest enemy model within 12" of the
model being rolled for.
Transhuman Physiology (Aspiring Sorcerer only): Ignore the penalty to this model’ shit rolls from one flesh
wound it has suffered.
PSYKER An Aspiring Sorcerer can attempt to manifest one psychic power and attempt to deny one psychic power in each
Psychic phase. He knows the Psybolt psychic power.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Aspiring Sorcerer only), Heavy (Gunner only), Combat, Demolitions, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD THOUSAND SONS
KEYWORDS CHAOS, TZEENTCH, HERETIC ASTARTES,INFANTRY ,PSYKER (ASPIRING SORCERER
ONLY), RUBRIC MARINE
TZAANGOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Tzaangor 6" 3+ 4+ 4 4 1 1 6 6+ -
Twistbray 6" 3+ 4+ 4 4 1 2 7 6+ 1
This model is armed with Tzaangor blades.
One Tzaangor in your kill team can be a Twistbray.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its Tzaangor blades with an autopistol and chainsword.
• One Tzaangor in your kill team may take a brayhorn.
ABILITIES Aura of Dark Glory: This model has a 5+ invulnerable save.
Brayhorn: Add 1 to Advance and charge rolls made for TZAANGORS within 6" of any friendly models equipped
with a brayhorn.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Twistbray only), Comms (Tzaangor with brayhorn only), Combat, Medic, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD THOUSAND SONS
KEYWORDS CHAOS, TZEENTCH, HERETIC ASTARTES,INFANTRY ,TZAANGOR
128

===== PDF page 130 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Autopistol 12" Pistol 1 3 0 1 -
Inferno bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 -2 1 -
Inferno boltgun 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 -2 1 -
Soulreaper cannon 24" Heavy 4 5 -3 1 -
W arpflamepistol 6" Pistol D6 3 -2 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
W arpflamer 8" Assault D6 4 -2 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Chainsword Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Force stave Melee Melee +2 -1 D3 -
Tzaangor blades Melee Melee User -1 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Rubric Marine 16
- Rubric Marine Gunner 16
- Aspiring Sorcerer 17
Tzaangor 7
- Twistbray 8
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Autopistol 0
Inferno bolt pistol 0
Inferno boltgun 0
Soulreaper cannon 4
W arpflamepistol 1
W arpflamer 4
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Chainsword 0
Force stave 0
Tzaangor blades 0
OTHER WARGEAR
ITEM POINTS PER ITEM
Brayhorn 3
Icon of Flame 1
129

===== PDF page 131 =====

ASURY ANI
ASURYANI
The Asuryani are amongst the most ancient of the
galaxy’ smany factions. These Aeldari are sublimely
focused and terrifyingly skilled warriors, for whom war
is a path that must be trodden with absolute discipline
and mastery. For all their martial magnificence, the
Asuryani have teetered upon the brink of extinction for
millennia. They are but echoes of an empire that once
spanned the galaxy, the last survivors sailing through
the void aboard immense vessels known as craftworlds.
The ancient Aeldari empire shone incredibly bright at
its zenith, yet through obsession and moral deviance
it descended into a hellish quagmire from which the
Asuryani were amongst the few refugees to escape.
So twisted did the ancient Aeldari become that their
psychic corruption birthed Slaanesh, the Chaos God of
excess. This event, known as the Fall, saw the souls of
the ancient Aeldari consumed at a stroke, and left the
scattered survivors fleeing from Slaanesh’ sgrip forever
more. Only through strict asceticism and psychic
scrying of the threads of destiny have the Asuryani
avoided the terrible fate of their ancestors, yet still there
are many among their race who believe that they are
doing little but delaying their inevitable end.
Asuryani kill teams are elite forces of swift and skilful
warriors. Each combatant is armed with the optimal
weapons and wargear for their tactical niche. Their line
troops, the skilled militia known as Guardians, lay down
covering fire with hissing shuriken weapons and heavy
weapon platforms. Rangers pick off key targets with
sniping shots from elegant long-barrelled rifles.
V astinterstellar arks constructed from living wraithbone, the craftworlds of the Aeldari are marvels of
grace and beauty. No less graceful are their occupants, the Asuryani, those members of their race who
foresaw the fall of their empire and escaped its death throes. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables
on the following pages, you can generate names and background for your Asuryani kill teams.
Y etit is the warriors of the Dire Avenger Aspect Shrines,
with their ritual armaments and honed martial skills,
that lead the charge to victory.
Unlike the bands of Aeldari which make up the greater
part of the craftworld warhosts, who are grouped
together with others that follow the same battle
discipline, Asuryani kill teams can include a range
of individuals with different specialities fighting as a
coherent whole. Often they are the survivors of another
conflict, or a company of wanderers long divorced
from their homes, for the Asuryani are a race few in
number, and necessity binds them together more often
than intent. It speaks volumes of the fluid Aeldari mind
that a mix of such focused warriors still works as one,
achieving the mysterious agendas of its Farseers with a
skill and synergy most humans could only dream of.
SPIRIT STONES
Upon death, an unguarded Aeldari soul will be
drawn into the warp and there consumed by the
ever-hungering Slaanesh. T oprevent this terrifying
fate, the Asuryani have taken to wearing gemstones
upon their breasts known as spirit stones. These
psycho-receptive crystals capture the soul of the
fallen warrior and preserve it in a safe haven until
it can be collected and returned to its craftworld.
There, the spirit stones are plugged into the
infinity circuit, freed to mingle with the souls of
their ancestors until the end of time, or until the
craftworld’ sdestruction.
130

===== PDF page 132 =====

D10 BACKGROUND: SHARED DESTINY
1 Gwynt’ar Fue: The wind that burns or, depending upon tone – vendetta hunters on a mission to slay a specific enemy of
the craftworld.
2 Pre-emptive Strike: A small team of Asuryani assembled to launch a targeted attack and thereby prevent a terrible future.
3 Keepers of the Gate: W arriorssworn to seize and protect an asset, be it a webway tunnel, sacred shrine, or other
tactical objective.
4 The Shrine Ascendant: As decreed by the Farseers, a warband gathered purely from the Dire Avenger Shrine is assembled to
perform a preordained task.
5 Shadow Squad: Masters of subtle infiltration and misdirection, who slip behind enemy lines and prepare to strike hard.
6 Echoes of Greatness: A force of survivors, fighting on for those they have lost.
7 Ily’Haeth Khai: The blade that seeks out weakness – a force assembled to exploit the enemy’ severy error.
8 Cleansers: The members of this warband are united by their hatred of those lesser races who befoul the ancient demesnes of
the Aeldari, and their abilities in exterminating them.
9 The Bladed Mirror: This kill team is comprised of warriors that excel in the use of misdirection and trickery.
10 W ardensof the Pivotal Life: A single warrior can hold in their hands the fate of millions. Such a one was this team
assembled to protect.
D10 MISSION: PURPOSE
1 Enact the Bailic-fen: This warband must collect the spirit stones of the Aeldari that fell in recent battle.
2 Surprise Attack: The enemy are many, the objectives myriad, yet speed and manoeuvrability are the way of the Asuryani –
strike quickly and without mercy.
3 Keepers of the Gate: This kill team seeks a hidden webway portal leading to a lost spar. It must be sealed from the inside.
4 Talons of Heg: This team’ smission is one of sabotage and mayhem, using subtle strikes to slow and misdirect the enemy.
5 Fate’sExecutioners: Farseers predict dire events should the enemy leader survive. Hunt down this dangerous commander
and alter the skeins of fate in your favour.
6 Forbidden Ground: Intruders profane a site of great import. Scour all trace of them from the stars.
7 The First W ave:This warband has been sent forth by an Autarch to inflict as much damage as they can before retreating.
8 Faolchú’sWings: Deliver the chosen one safely through the war zone, for the Farseers have predicted that only she might
know ultimate triumph.
9 A Greater Foe: Unbeknownst to any but the Asuryani, a new warp rift will soon open. Ancient technologies can prevent the
weakening of reality from becoming a new rent, but only if deployed in the right place at the right time.
10 Mobile Defence: Slow, harry, harass – to delay the foe is to win the war.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: DEEPER NATURE
1 Close Bonds: Every member of the squad has close emotional bonds to their comrades, and fights accordingly.
2 Fickle: This kill team is perfectly focused on the craft of war, yet fey and whimsy creep into their decisions.
3 Merciless Hate: The remembrance of past atrocities spurns the squad to a cold-blooded harshness.
4 Sorrows Beyond Measure: Even in triumph, battle losses and the horrors of ruin wrought by barbaric forces are difficult to
bear. It is no weakness to weep over the slain.
5 Psychically Attuned: This kill team possess sufficient latent psychic potential to exhibit a sort of collective sixth sense, though
at the cost of haunting visions.
6 Uncanny Perfectionists: The Asuryani in this squad are considered amongst the most sublimely skilled of their kin.
7 Servants of Prophecy: This warband follows the directions of a Farseer’ sscrying. Their deeds may seem strange at times, but
they all serve a greater end.
8 Superior: Cognisant of their status as members of the sophisticated Aeldari race, these Asuryani are not shy about pointing
out the flaws of others and where they might improve.
9 A Shining Example: The demands of war are difficult enough, but the grime of battle is simply too much – the entire squad
must periodically pause to perform maintenance upon their battle gear until they are, once more, shining and resplendent.
10 Arrogant and Aloof: These warriors sneer at their barbaric enemies, and will mercilessly mock any error or misfortune.
131

===== PDF page 133 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS' DEMEANOURS
1 Acrobatic: All Aeldari bear themselves with innate grace, but some raise the artistic bar with their every fluid movement.
2 Mentally Dexterous: This warrior’ smind moves at lightning speed, enabling them to think, plan, and react with a swiftness far
beyond human capacity.
3 Crystalline Soul: There is no pain or suffering that cannot be endured.
4 Damned: Knowing what the future holds is not always a boon.
5 Survivor’s Guilt: This warrior has seen all their comrades and loved ones die around them, spurring them to unceasing
aggression against the foe.
6 Absolute Focus: All Asuryani are supremely focused, but to this warrior there is only the mission, and all will be sacrificed for
its success.
7 Haughty: This warrior revels in proving their superiority over the lesser races.
8 Cold as the Void: Once upon the battlefield, all emotions are suppressed and only the dictates of purest logic will be followed.
9 Passionate: This Aeldari is consumed with burning emotions that fuel an intense battle fury.
10 Grandiloquent: V erbose,this warrior shouts out loquacious praise and encouragement to comrades while verbally castigating the
shortcomings of enemies and dismal surroundings.
132

===== PDF page 134 =====

ASURYANI NAME GENERATOR TABLE (FEMALE)
D66 FIRST ELEMENT SECOND ELEMENT
11 T enrith the Fireheart
12 Justune Kyldroth
13 Aleerith Tridehlá
14 Yrlla Who W alksAlone
15 Aileer of the Flowing Spirits
16 Caslith Iydoth
21 Tai’ shar Brylliel
22 Jair Biel-rith
23 Luirth (no second appellation)
24 Aleera Iyadolath
25 Phyllistra Last of the House of the
Ayandi
26 Myrnoth the Melancholy
31 Fyrram Llacharni (‘brightheart’)
32 Ishylla the Huntress
33 Tishriel Aryimelli
34 Aydona Bringer of Azure Death
35 Galánta Umachuli
36 Ylleth Shelwe-hann (‘Song of
Enlightenment’)
41 Giladrea Serenti (‘glory of the setting
sun’)
42 Osinell Ullamar
43 Glenoighi Dystari (‘that which will
never shatter’)
44 Ishtá Ciaradh
45 Yvraine Iyadari
46 Intrisiel Flethál (‘Star-pattern of
Perfection’)
51 T orc the Whisper of Death
52 Anesh Hanndroth (‘Quest Eternal’)
53 Kalistri Sheersom
54 Alee Cegodari (‘who laughs at
despair’)
55 Altanish Ullathani (‘she who walks
many paths’)
56 Gwyth Corsikanni (‘kin to
Corsairs’)
61 Tyrelli Yn Farwolloch (‘deadly to
her enemies’)
62 Kaithe Indomi
63 Galrethi Saim-Ingrelli (‘the grace of
the striking snake’)
64 Noithi Ysbwrieli (‘Starsplinter’)
65 Braesil Morai-fen
66 Meari Undomniel
ASURYANI NAME GENERATOR TABLE (MALE)
D66 FIRST ELEMENT SECOND ELEMENT
11 Fachean Son of Coheria
12 Tarvaril Finarfin
13 Fánai Eldrion
14 Yrmnoch the Unyielding Fire
15 Barahir Glaermril
16 Eldrion Arronnás
21 Dis’ar Gloywach (‘the Glow
Dragon’)
22 Eldos the Uncompromising
23 Kinshar of the Noble House of
Picarothi
24 Rhidhal Enbrondil
25 Athairnos Lladronoth
26 Eärandil Bechareth (‘spirit on the
wind’)
31 Siriolas Ceifulgaithann (‘wind
rider’)
32 Bahtaam Undroíl
33 Fian Caman (‘the avenger’)
34 Eldroth T óir
35 Lorinth Scion of Rhidmar
36 Illisar the W anderer
41 Ealion of the Clan Randras
42 Elronhir Llmaea-fen (‘born of black
suns’)
43 Tamishar Rillietar
44 Arenal Elarique of Alaitoc
45 Iradil Sydarus Starstrider
46 Maur the Implacable
51 Requiel Ulthos (‘speaker of
unspeakable truths’)
52 Lann Sharnál
53 Yrule the Deathly Eloquent
54 Ra’thar Born of Twilight
55 Las’hár of the T owerof Stars
56 Arision Shelwe-nin (‘Song of the
Fading Star’)
61 Ingfhar the Undaunted
62 Senn
Rhianthari (‘starlight
partially obscured by
nebula’)
63 Hal’thar Eldroneth
64 Yrion Trithjain (‘Storm of the
Stars’)
65 Silgar the Rising Star
66 Konrith Bhanlhar (‘avenger of the
lost clan’)
133

===== PDF page 135 =====

Asuryani KillT eams
ASURY ANIKILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the ASURY ANIFaction keyword, you can use Craftworlds Tactics.
PHANTASM
Craftworlds Tactic
Use this Tactic at the beginning of the first battle
round. Pick a model from your kill team and set it
up again, anywhere in your deployment zone.
2 COMMAND POINTS
ASURMEN'S BLESSING
Craftworlds Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a DIRE AVENGER
from your kill team to shoot in the Shooting phase.
Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls for that model until
the end of the phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
FIRE AND FADE
Craftworlds Tactic
Use this Tactic after a model from your kill team
shoots in the Shooting phase. The model can
immediately make a normal move of up to 7" as if
it were the Movement phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
RUNE OF YNNEAD
Craftworlds Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is taken out of action. Roll a D6. On a 4+ that
model suffers a flesh wound instead.
2 COMMAND POINTS
MATCHLESS AGILITY
Craftworlds Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Movement phase when a
model from your kill team Advances. Add 6" to
the model's Move characteristic for that Movement
phase instead of rolling a dice.
1 COMMAND POINT
FEIGNED RETREAT
Craftworlds Tactic
Use this Tactic after a model from your kill team
Falls Back. That model can still shoot this battle
round.
1 COMMAND POINT
134

===== PDF page 136 =====

Guardian Defender
Storm Guardian
‘These barbarians may outnumber us, but they could never outfight us. W eshall flow around their
defences as subtle and intangible as starlight, and slay them all before they realise that the fight has
even begun. ’
- Aleera Iyadari, Dire Avenger Exarch of the Shrine of the Bloodied Moon
GUARDIAN DEFENDER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Guardian Defender 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ -
Heavy Weapon Platform 7" 6+ 3+ 3 3 2 1 7 3+ 1
This model is armed with a shuriken catapult and plasma grenades.
One Guardian Defender in your kill team can be a Heavy W eaponPlatform. A Heavy W eaponPlatform is instead armed with a
shuriken cannon.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Heavy W eaponPlatform may replace its shuriken cannon with an Aeldari missile launcher, bright lance,
scatter laser or starcannon.
ABILITIES Ancient Doom: Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls in the Fight phase for this model in a battle round in which it
charges or is charged by a SLAANESH model. However, you must add 1 to Nerve tests for this model if it is within
3" of any SLAANESH models.
Battle Focus: If this model moves or Advances in its Movement phase, weapons (excluding Heavy weapons) are
used as if the model had remained stationary.
Crewed Weapon: A Heavy W eaponPlatform can only move, Advance, React, shoot or fight if a friendly Guardian
Defender that is not shaken is within 3" of it. If a Heavy W eaponPlatform shoots, you must choose one such
Guardian Defender that could still shoot its own ranged weapons in that phase: that Guardian Defender may not
fire any of its own ranged weapons this phase. Heavy W eaponPlatforms may not charge, may not be specialists,
are not part of a fire team (pg 204) and do not gain experience.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Comms, Medic, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASURY ANI
KEYWORDS (GUARDIAN) AELDARI, W ARHOST,INFANTRY ,GUARDIAN,GUARDIANDEFENDER
KEYWORDS (HEAVY
WEAPON PLATFORM) AELDARI, W ARHOST,INFANTRY ,ARTILLERY ,GUARDIAN,HEAVY WEAPON PLATFORM
STORM GUARDIAN
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Storm Guardian 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ -
Storm Guardian Gunner 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ 2
This model is armed with a shuriken pistol, Aeldari blade and plasma grenades.
Up to two Storm Guardians in your kill team can be Storm Guardian Gunners.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its Aeldari blade with a chainsword.
• A Storm Guardian Gunner may replace their shuriken pistol and Aeldari blade with a flamer or fusion gun.
ABILITIES Ancient Doom: Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls in the Fight phase for this model in a battle round in which it
charges or is charged by a SLAANESH model. However, you must add 1 to Nerve tests for this model if it is within
3" of any SLAANESH models.
Battle Focus: If this model moves or Advances in its Movement phase, weapons (excluding Heavy weapons) are
used as if the model had remained stationary.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Combat, Comms, Medic, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASURY ANI
KEYWORDS AELDARI, W ARHOST,INFANTRY ,GUARDIAN,STORM GUARDIAN
135

===== PDF page 137 =====

Ranger
Dire Avenger
‘Ours is not a fight for conquest, or riches, or glory. It is a fight for the survival of our species, for the right
to see another dawn. It is the very desperation of our cause that renders us so dangerous… ’
- Iradil the Wanderer, Ranger of Craftworld Alaitoc
RANGER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Ranger 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ -
This model is armed with a shuriken pistol and Ranger long rifle.
ABILITIES Ancient Doom: Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls in the Fight phase for this model in a battle round in which it
charges or is charged by a SLAANESH model. However, you must add 1 to Nerve tests for this model if it is within
3" of any SLAANESH models.
Battle Focus: If this model moves or Advances in its Movement phase, weapons (excluding Heavy weapons) are
used as if the model had remained stationary.
Cameleoline Cloak: When an enemy player makes a hit roll for a shooting attack that targets this model, and this
model is obscured, that hit roll suffers an additional -1 modifier.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Comms, Medic, Scout, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASURY ANI
KEYWORDS AELDARI, W ARHOST,INFANTRY ,RANGER
DIRE AVENGER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Dire Avenger 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 8 4+ -
Dire Avenger Exarch 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 2 2 8 4+ 1
This model is armed with an avenger shuriken catapult and plasma grenades.
One Dire Avenger in your kill team can be a Dire Avenger Exarch.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Dire Avenger Exarch may replace their avenger shuriken catapult with one of the following:
- Two avenger shuriken catapults
- Shuriken pistol and power glaive
- Shuriken pistol and diresword
- Shimmershield and power glaive
ABILITIES Ancient Doom: Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls in the
Fight phase for this model in a battle round in which it
charges or is charged by a SLAANESH model. However,
you must add 1 to Nerve tests for this model if it is
within 3" of any SLAANESH models.
Battle Focus: If this model moves or Advances in the
Movement phase, weapons (excluding Heavy weapons)
are used as if the model had remained stationary.
Defence Tactics: When this model fires Overwatch, they
successfully hit on a roll of 5 or 6.
Battle Fortune: A Dire Avenger Exarch has a 4+
invulnerable save.
Shimmershield: DIRE AVENGER models within 2"
of a friendly model with a shimmershield have a 5+
invulnerable save.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Exarch only), Combat, Comms, Medic, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ASURY ANI
KEYWORDS AELDARI, ASPECT W ARRIOR,INFANTRY ,DIRE AVENGER
136

===== PDF page 138 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Aeldari missile launcher When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Sunburst missile 48" Heavy D6 4 -1 1 -
- Starshot missile 48" Heavy 1 8 -2 D6 -
Avenger shuriken catapult 18" Assault 2 4 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -3.
Bright lance 36" Heavy 1 8 -4 D6 -
Flamer 8" Assault D6 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Fusion gun 12" Assault 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Plasma grenade 6" Grenade D6 4 -1 1 -
Ranger long rifle 36" Heavy 1 4 0 1
A model firing a Ranger long rifle does not suffer the
penalty to hit rolls for the target being at long range.
Each time you roll a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon, it
inflicts a mortal wound in addition to any other damage.
Scatter laser 36" Heavy 4 6 0 1 -
Shuriken cannon 24" Assault 3 6 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -3.
Shuriken catapult 12" Assault 2 4 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -3.
Shuriken pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -3.
Starcannon 36" Heavy 2 6 -3 D3 -
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Aeldari blade Melee Melee User 0 1 Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls for this weapon.
Chainsword Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Diresword Melee Melee User -2 1
Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
the target suffers a mortal wound in addition to any
other damage.
Power glaive Melee Melee +1 -2 1 -
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Dire Avenger 10
- Dire Avenger Exarch 11
Guardian Defender 7
- Heavy W eaponPlatform 8
Ranger 11
Storm Guardian 6
- Storm Guardian Gunner 7
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Aeldari missile launcher 5
Avenger shuriken catapult 0
Bright lance 4
Flamer 3
Fusion gun 3
Plasma grenade 0
Ranger long rifle 0
Scatter laser 2
Shuriken cannon 2
Shuriken catapult 0
Shuriken pistol 0
Starcannon 3
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Aeldari blade 0
Chainsword 0
Diresword 2
Power glaive 1
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Shimmershield 4
137

===== PDF page 139 =====

DRUKHARI
DRUKHARI
The Drukhari are sadists, pirates and murderers all.
They are the dark kin of the Asuryani, a subset of the
Aeldari race whose peerless skill and mental focus have
been bent solely towards hedonism, self-advancement
and the infliction of pain. These legendary beings are
monsters of nightmare, hyper-intelligent and utterly
malevolent. Their technology is akin to sorcery and
their physical prowess jaw-dropping. Y etthey are
hollow creatures, their beauty hiding blackened souls
that are constantly draining away like sand through an
hourglass. The only way for the Drukhari to recover
their waning life force is through feeding off the pain
and terror of other beings.
Drukhari raiding parties emerge through webway
portals from the Dark City of Commorragh. They
launch swift and deadly attacks against settled
worlds, not merely for material gain, emerging from
the shadows to take slaves and treasures, but more
importantly to bathe in the suffering they inflict upon
their foes. Such raids are typically led by the vast
syndicates known as the Kabals, or the vicious bands of
gladiatorial fighters known as the Wych Cults.
The Kabals are something akin to noble houses and
paramilitary criminal cartels combined, with every
Kabal seeking to clamber to the heights of glory atop
the heaped corpses of their rivals. By far the greatest
prestige for such organisations can be earned through
orchestrating successful raids upon realspace, with
Kabals such as the Black Heart, the Poisoned T ongue
and the Lords of Iron Thorn leading the greatest of all
such invasions. By comparison, the Wych Cults attack
The Drukhari are a race of cruel killers who feed upon agony. From the Dark City of Commorragh, their
fleets strike forth in search for new souls to torment. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the
following pages, you can generate names and background for your Drukhari kill teams.
realspace to showcase their martial talents, groups such
as the Seventh W oe,the Cult of Strife or the Cult of Red
Grief pitting themselves against the greatest enemies
they can find, the better to bask in rolling waves of
agony and terror.
Drukhari kill teams are built around fiercely competitive
cliques of elite killers, each armed for a specialised
combat role. Though these individuals often hail
from different organisations and subcultures in
Commorragh, all rivalries and vendettas are set aside
for the duration of the raid. The vicious firepower of the
Kabalites combined with the whip-fast combat prowess
of the Wyches spreads panic amongst their victims
like a raging wildfire. Each kill team strikes with the
utmost speed, ferocity and ruthlessness, stealing away
screaming captives before vanishing to leave only fear
and ruin behind them.
THE DARK CITY
Commorragh is a vast metropolis, scattered across
countless different passages of the strange realm
known as the webway. It is fractal in complexity,
immense beyond imagining and impossible for
mortal minds to truly comprehend. From its
towering, blade-like spires and lethal arenas to
its dark, Haemonculus-haunted oubliettes and
shadow-wreathed sub-dimensions, Commorragh
is a nightmarish realm in which the Drukhari rule
and all other races of the galaxy are but playthings
to be tormented, or prey to be hunted and feasted
upon at will.
138

===== PDF page 140 =====

‘W eare the things that haunt the darkest recesses of the nightmares that you cannot face. W eare the ones
that leer from the shadows and know the fears that you do not admit. W eare the predators, you the prey,
and we shall make you scream in delicious agony before you meet your end. ’
- Th raekynn Neverwhim, Sybarite of the Bladed Curse
D10 BACKGROUND: SHADOWED ORIGIN
1 V anguardParty: This kill team has been sent as the first wave of a much larger raiding force.
2 Slave Trialists: Enslaved by those who destroyed their faction, these warriors have been given a chance to prove their worth
in battle, or die trying.
3 Ascendant Murderers: Having rising from the ganglands of the Dark City, the members of this kill team now have much
greater ambitions.
4 Enemies of My Enemy: Though rivals in Commorragh, the members of this kill team work together to slaughter the
lesser races.
5 Avatars of the Arenas: The wealthy members of this kill team seek nothing more than to recreate in realspace their favourite
arena battles.
6 Slithering Compulsion: This kill team does the bidding of the Haemonculus who implanted foul parasites in their brains.
7 Hired Blades: The warriors of this kill team serve only those who are willing to pay the right price in souls.
8 Betrayers: Having angered a powerful Archon, this kill team’ sonly path to survival is through the enemy lines.
9 One Shall Stand: Only one member of this kill team will return to Commorragh, taking with them the spoils of their
dead allies.
10 Desolators: The warriors of this kill team are bound by their shared love of the Dark City’ smost destructive weaponry.
D10 MISSION: CRUEL INTENT
1 Probe: Collect and relay information about the enemy’ sweaknesses prior to a full-scale raid.
2 Harvest: Gather samples of flesh from the warriors of the lesser races.
3 Interrogate: Seek out those foes possessed of vital information and pry it from their screaming lips.
4 Assassinate: Find the greatest champions of the opposing army and take their heads as trophies.
5 Deceive: Sow misinformation and anarchy throughout the ranks of the enemy.
6 T errorise:Breed fear in the minds of the foe to erode their resolve.
7 Abduct: Slip from the shadows and steal away the mightiest warriors of realspace for the arenas of Commorragh.
8 Enslave: Find those enemy warriors who will fetch a high price in the slave pits, and seize them.
9 Disembowel: Gut the enemy forces by savagely butchering their most vital assets.
10 Revel: Inflict as much pain as possible upon the foe and bask in their suffering.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: UNNATURAL PERVERSION
1 Sinful Focus: This kill team is guided by the example of their chosen Dark Muse.
2 Revel in Pain: The longer and more drawn-out a massacre is, the greater the pleasure this kill team derives from it.
3 Swift and Deadly: This kill team enjoys nothing better than rapid, merciless slaughters.
4 Reckless: Regardless of their mission, the members of this kill team have their own hedonistic agendas to pursue.
5 T erritorial:This kill team decorates their battlegrounds with the flayed corpses of their enemies.
6 Trophy Hunters: This kill team collects the most aesthetically pleasing heads and body parts of their victims.
7 Eldritch Cunning: For every tactic used against them, this kill team has a dozen countermeasures.
8 Masochistic: These warriors go out of their way to endure the most nerve-rending pain, for only in this way do they feel alive.
9 Shadow Stalkers: This kill team excels at fighting from the shadows, using the enemy’ sfear and uncertainty against them.
10 Consummate Provocateurs: Through sabotage and selective butchery, this band of warriors can wrong-foot an entire army.
139

===== PDF page 141 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS' DEMEANOURS
1 Predator’s Eye: No detail is too small to escape this warrior’ sattention.
2 Dark Flamboyance: In both their attire and battle style this Drukhari demonstrates tremendous flair.
3 Ravenous: So depraved is this warrior’ ssoul that their hunger for suffering is utterly insatiable.
4 Extravagant: This warrior has developed a taste for finery, and they ruthlessly pursue the fulfilment of their desires.
5 Scheming: This Drukhari always thinks many steps ahead of their enemies – and their allies.
6 Mistrustful: This warrior has survived the intrigues of the Dark City by trusting no one but themselves.
7 Darkened Soul: Over long centuries this Drukhari has enacted countless atrocities and is now only rarely amused by them.
8 Unforgiving: This warrior strives for perfection, and accepts nothing less from those with whom they fight.
9 Boundless Ambition: With each victory, this Drukhari sees themselves climbing higher in the ranks of Commorrite society.
10 Vindictive: This warrior never forgets a slight, and will go to any lengths to enact their vengeance.
140

===== PDF page 142 =====

KABALITE NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D66 TAKEN NAME KABALITE NAME
11 Anarkyss Sar’ sel
12 V eth’va V orpex
13 Mayator Kreen
14 Quaez the Bloodbreather
15 Daisan Maestros
16 Bekliel Gaarsus
21 Orvak Ehthrek
22 Narlek Ghorghast
23 Monsatos Ignyss
24 Vivithrax Mohrkhar
25 Drevakh Thresk
26 Kyzarkh Scaur
31 Thresyn the Pale
32 Shylas Khadylus
33 Lythric Phrel
34 Kylos Vulkyriax
35 Theskril Nul
36 Skythe the Flenser
41 Akkhar Poisonblade
42 Kharsac Barbtongue
43 Nyktos Xesh
44 Grevyth the Ravening
45 Thraed Draeven
46 Sykil of the Obsidian Needle
51 Khaeyl Vhrex
52 Madrax Kaghmyr
53 Akhirion Thrail
54 Vypus Flickerblade
55 Ethriliac Xosh
56 Kheraes the Bleak
61 Iyshak Neverbreath
62 Khepres Skahyl
63 Eldoriac V erkosian
64 Vrekkus Ulthurian
65 Thayd Menesh
66 Xurul the Cruel
WYCH CULT NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D66 ARENA TITLE CLIQUE NAME
11 Ariex La’flenz
12 Melikka Wysp
13 Grendett Soriel
14 V aivel Oblique
15 Bithandrel Nervose
16 Ingenue Mourn
21 Demadyne Vivicon
22 Laelanyel Viserhyx
23 Excrucia Berrebaal
24 Nathra Vulptuse
25 Vrexith Ehlynna
26 Th yndrella Khaur
31 Selithrian Hexehss
32 Xela the Crimson
33 Peiythia Thrix
34 Uless Khoryssa
35 Skyshrin V exx
36 Anielyn of the Screaming Blade
41 Vyrenik Khrygg
42 Khatryx Nichtren
43 Nyssa V eluxis
44 Phyrix the Huntress
45 Mellyx Beastbane
46 Kherissa the Magnificent
51 Tryxin Trehll
52 Aniellah Xyriphraxis
53 V eshtari Masdruvael
54 Morghynn Khrone
55 Thrixxesh the Untouched
56 Thessa Bloodslyk
61 Xindrell the Cruel
62 Kladys Kharavyxis
63 Shemriel Ynthrekh
64 Lyxanna Dyvahur
65 Nimhre Krael
66 Vylekh the Bloodsister
141

===== PDF page 143 =====

Drukhari KillT eams
DRUKHARI KILL TEAMS
Power From Pain: Models with this ability gain a bonus
depending upon which battle round it is, as shown in
the table below. Note that all bonuses are cumulative; for
example, in the second battle round, the model ignores
wounds on a roll of 6, and you can re-roll the dice when
determining how far the model Advances or charges.
Combat Drugs: Models with this ability gain a bonus
during the battle depending on the drugs they have
taken. Before the battle, roll on the table below to see
which combat drug your kill team is using. This bonus
applies to all models in your kill team with the Combat
Drugs ability.
DRUKHARI models use the Power From Pain ability below. WYCHES in your kill team also use the Combat
Drugs ability below. In addition, if every model in your kill team has the DRUKHARI Faction keyword, you
can use Drukhari Tactics.
PRAY THEY DON'T TAKE YOU ALIVE
Drukhari Tactic
Use this Tactic if a model from your kill team
takes an enemy Leader out of action in the Fight
phase. For the remainder of the battle, models in
that enemy Leader's kill team must subtract 1 from
their Leadership characteristic.
2 COMMAND POINTS
TORMENT GRENADE
Drukhari Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in
your kill team to shoot with a phantasm grenade
launcher. If an enemy model is hit by any attacks
made with that weapon this phase, then, in
addition to the normal effects, roll 3D6. If the
result is higher than the target's Leadership
characteristic, it suffers 1 mortal wound.
2 COMMAND POINTS
FIRE AND FADE
Drukhari Tactic
Use this Tactic after a model from your kill team
shoots in the Shooting phase. The model can
immediately make a normal move of up to 7" as if
it were the Movement phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
CRUEL DECEPTION
Drukhari Tactic
Use this Tactic after a model from your kill
team Falls Back. That model can still shoot this
battle round.
1 COMMAND POINT
POWER FROM PAIN
BATTLE
ROUND BONUS
1 Inured to Suffering: Roll a D6 each time this model
loses a wound; on a 6 that wound is not lost.
2
Eager to Flay: Y oucan re-roll the dice when
determining how far this model moves when it
Advances or charges.
3 Flensing Fury: Add 1 to hit rolls for this model in the
Fight phase.
4 Emboldened by Bloodshed: Re-roll failed Nerve tests
for this model.
5+
Mantle of Agony: Subtract 1 from the Leadership
characteristic of enemy models that are within 6" of
any models from your kill team with this bonus.
COMBAT DRUGS
D6 BONUS
1 Adrenalight: +1 to Attacks characteristic
2 Grave Lotus: +1 to Strength characteristic
3 Hypex: +2 to Move characteristic
4 Painbringer: +1 to T oughnesscharacteristic
5 Serpentin: +1 to W eaponSkill characteristic (e.g. WS
3+ becomes WS 2+)
6 Splintermind: +2 to Leadership characteristic
142

===== PDF page 144 =====

‘The raiding party bays at our heels, but we have
these few perfect moments where the enemy are
all ours to play with. Let us whip them into such
a frenzy of pain and terror that our latecomer kin
are left with nothing but scraps. ’
- Hekatrix Vylekh the Untouched
143

===== PDF page 145 =====

KabaliteW arrior
Wych
‘Hide, if you think you can. It will make good sport. By all means, raise your walls and bar your gates,
double your guards and build your watch-fires high. Lock yourself within your innermost sanctum and
cower. When the times comes, little governor, all the walls, and gates, and guns in the galaxy will not
protect you. ’
- Hekatrix Nyssa Masdruvael to Planetary Governor Th oldh Hekken III,
three days before his hideous death within his code-locked private bunker
KABALITE WARRIOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Kabalite W arrior 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ -
Kabalite Gunner 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ 2
Sybarite 7" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 2 8 5+ 1
This model is armed with a splinter rifle.
Up to two Kabalite W arriorsin your kill team can be Kabalite Gunners, and one Kabalite W arriorin your kill team can be a Sybarite.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Kabalite Gunner in your kill team may replace their splinter rifle with a splinter cannon or dark lance.
• One Kabalite Gunner in your kill team may replace their splinter rifle with a shredder or blaster.
• A Sybarite may take a power sword or agoniser.
• A Sybarite may take a phantasm grenade launcher.
• A Sybarite may replace their splinter rifle with a splinter pistol or a blast pistol.
ABILITIES Power From Pain (pg 142)
SPECIALISTS Leader (Sybarite only), Sniper (Gunner only), Comms, Scout, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD DRUKHARI
KEYWORDS AELDARI, INFANTRY ,KABALITE W ARRIOR
WYCH
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Wych 8" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 2 7 6+ -
Wych Fighter 8" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 2 7 6+ 3
Hekatrix 8" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 3 8 6+ 1
This model is armed with a splinter pistol, Hekatarii blade and plasma grenades.
Up to three Wyches in your kill team can be Wych Fighters, and one Wych in your kill team can be a Hekatrix.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Wych Fighter may replace their splinter pistol and Hekatarii blade with hydra gauntlets, razorflails, or a
shardnet and impaler.
• A Hekatrix may replace their Hekatarii blade with a power sword or agoniser.
• A Hekatrix may take a phantasm grenade launcher.
• A Hekatrix may replace their splinter pistol with a blast pistol.
ABILITIES Power From Pain, Combat Drugs (pg 142)
Dodge: This model has a 4+ invulnerable save in the
Fight phase.
No Escape: If an INFANTRY model within 1" of any
enemy models with this ability would Fall Back, the
controlling players roll off. The model that would Fall
Back can only do so if the player controlling it wins
the roll-off.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Hekatrix only), Combat, Scout, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD DRUKHARI
KEYWORDS AELDARI, INFANTRY ,WYCH
144

===== PDF page 146 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
‘Why simply kill
what you can first make
suffer? Where is the art
in such dull butchery?
Where is the pleasure
and the satisfaction?'
- Kaethr Stryxx,
Kabal of the Black Heart
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Blast pistol 6" Pistol 1 8 -4 D6 -
Blaster 18" Assault 1 8 -4 D6 -
Dark lance 36" Heavy 1 8 -4 D6 -
Phantasm grenade
launcher 18" Assault D3 1 0 1
If a model is hit by one or more phantasm grenade
launchers, subtract 1 from its Leadership characteristic
until the end of the battle round.
Plasma grenade 6" Grenade D6 4 -1 1 -
Shredder 12" Assault D6 6 -1 1 When attacking an INFANTRY model, re-roll failed
wound rolls for this weapon.
Splinter cannon 36" Rapid Fire 3 * 0 1 This weapon wounds on a 4+.
Splinter pistol 12" Pistol 1 * 0 1 This weapon wounds on a 4+.
Splinter rifle 24" Rapid Fire 1 * 0 1 This weapon wounds on a 4+.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Agoniser Melee Melee * -2 1 This weapon wounds on a 4+.
Hekatarii blade Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Hydra gauntlets Melee Melee User -1 1
Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon. Y oucan re-roll failed wound
rolls for this weapon.
Power sword Melee Melee User -3 1 -
Razorflails Melee Melee User -1 1
Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon. Y oucan re-roll failed hit rolls
for this weapon.
Shardnet and impaler Melee Melee User -1 2 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Kabalite W arrior 7
- Kabalite Gunner 8
- Sybarite 8
Wych 8
- Wych Fighter 9
- Hekatrix 9
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Blast pistol 2
Blaster 3
Dark lance 4
Phantasm grenade launcher 1
Plasma grenade 0
Shredder 1
Splinter cannon 3
Splinter pistol 0
Splinter rifle 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Agoniser 2
Hekatarii blade 0
Hydra gauntlets 2
Power sword 2
Razorflails 2
Shardnet and impaler 2
145

===== PDF page 147 =====

HARLEQUINS
HARLEQUINS
T othe Aeldari known as the Harlequins, the acts of
waging war and staging a performance are one and the
same. They echo the myths of the ancient Aeldari gods
in everything they do, with each Player taking on a role
in body and soul until the chosen ritualised dance is
done. W orshippingthe Laughing God, Cegorach, they
have a twisted sense of humour, and appreciate irony
as a connoisseur does a fine wine – even should it work
against them.
All Aeldari loathe and fear Slaanesh, for that fell
entity was born from their race’ scollective psyche,
and thirsts for their souls. Th e Harlequins escape
that curse through the worship of the Laughing God.
When a Harlequin dies, their soul is snatched up by
Cegorach and spirited away, safe into the webway
where Slaanesh cannot devour it. Y etthere is a
price for such salvation; when an Aeldari becomes
a Harlequin, they abandon their old life altogether,
leaving behind friends, family, responsibilities and
everything that once defined them. Instead, they take
on their new role within the Troupe, and fight forever
more in the name of the Laughing God.
What precisely the Harlequins fight to achieve varies
– some seek to defeat Chaos, others to restore the
power of the ancient Aeldari, while others still watch
over ancient and sacred sites such as the enigmatic
Black Library. Y etwhatever their aim, all fight with
an elegance and grace that is breathtaking to behold,
utilising polychromatic domino fields, anti-grav flip
belts and an array of lethal close-range weaponry to
confound and outfight their foes.
T othe warrior-acrobats of the Harlequins, who fight for the Laughing God, warfare and art are
inseparable disciplines. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following pages, you can
generate names and background for your Harlequin kill teams.
Harlequin Troupes – each effectively a kill team in its
own right – travel across time and space, using the
secret labyrinth dimension of the webway to strike
suddenly at critical targets, falling upon their prey in
a storm of acrobatic attacks and graceful sword blows.
As a Troupe, they will take on an aspect of the Light,
the Dark, or the Twilight that exists between the two.
As individuals, each Harlequin’ srole will dictate their
fighting style – the Hidden Prince, for example, will use
his flip belt to descend from above before neatly taking
his foe’ shead in a single stroke, whereas the Bladed Fool
will caper and prance, untouched by any attempted
reprisals, until he ‘accidentally’ slashes the throat of his
foe. The ancestral enemies of all Harlequin Troupes are
the scions of the Dark Gods, and those of Slaanesh in
particular, but any who stand in their path risk being
artfully despatched.
THE WEBW AY
The webway is a labyrinth dimension that
exists between realspace and the warp. Though
damaged by the ravages of time, this interstellar
maze allows travel across space with impossible
swiftness; journeys that would take starships
many weeks or months to complete can be made
on foot via its twisting passages in a matter
of hours. Y etthe webway is dangerous. The
Harlequins of the Laughing God are the only
faction in the galaxy who can tread its pathways
without fear, and even they treat their strange
realm with a respectful wariness.
146

===== PDF page 148 =====

D6 MISSION: THE TALE
1
The Dance of the Thief ’sReward: This kill team seeks
to locate and punish one who took something they
should not have from the Black Library.
2
The Dance of Kurnous’ Gate: Somewhere in this war
zone lies a webway gate that must be protected or sealed
to prevent unwanted intruders in Cegorach’ sdomain.
3
The Dance of the Crimson Reaping: This kill team is
performing a protracted saedath that requires it to fell a
total of one-score-and-ten enemies in battle
4
The Dance of the Veiled Blade: These Harlequins seek
to misdirect and confuse their enemies before striking
the killing blow from an unexpected angle.
5
The Dance of the Starving Ygghs: This kill team
maraud behind the enemy lines, seeking to ritually
destroy their stockpiles and supply lines.
6
The Dance of V aul’sT empering:These Harlequins must
engage as many foes as they can in contests of close-
quarters skill, duelling and defeating them one-on-one.
D6 BACKGROUND: THE CAST
1
The Swords of Khaine: These warriors give worship
to sundered Khaine by hurling themselves into close-
quarters battle with wrathful arrogance.
2
Webway W anderers:The members of this kill team are
nomadic warriors who wander the webway according to
the whims of Cegorach, and slay those who threaten his
labyrinth realm.
3
The Solitary: Sundered from their masque by death or
lonely narrative, these Harlequins dance the steps of
their saedath alone.
4
Fate’sMessengers: This band of Harlequins has come
together to deliver a particular message or lesson, or to
protect its bearer.
5
Sinister Killers: The Players of this kill team bear the
most horrific weapons available to them, and aim to
spread terror and panic with their every deed.
6
Guardians of the Black Library: This kill team consists
of Harlequins sworn to protect the Black Library, and to
eliminate threats to that shadowy repository of lore.
D6 SQUAD QUIRK: THE AFFECTATION
1 W arriorsof the Light: These Harlequins are
predominantly heroic and dynamic Players of the Light.
2 Blades of the Twilight: This kill team is made up of the
enigmatic and transitory Players of the Twilight.
3 Talons of the Dark: Sinister and malevolent, this kill
team comprises Players of the Dark.
4
Swift as the Wind: Even by the standards of their
kind, the Players of this kill team are remarkably agile
and athletic.
5
Cruelly Mocking: As part of the roles they play, these
Harlequins bait their enemies mercilessly, and pour
scorn on their endeavours.
6
Starlight Stride: These warriors are always on the
move, their feet seeming to dance through the air with
incredible swiftness, their every motion a brilliantly
choreographed combination of martial prowess and
elegant dance.
D10 SPECIALISTS' DEMEANOURS
1 Heroic Protagonist: This Player's role requires them to
be ever brave and noble.
2 Malicious Antagonist: This Harlequin plays the villain
in all situations.
3 Bladed Fool: This Player adopts a ridiculous role until
the precise moment they strike.
4 Sorrowful Killer: This Harlequin laments every blow
they strike with woeful and dramatic gestures.
5
Gleeful Maniac: This Harlequin’ spersona requires
them to be forever maniacal, revelling in anarchy
and bloodshed.
6
Relentless Destroyer: Embodying a character like
Khaine or Ulthanash, this Harlequin harries their
enemies with tireless aggression.
7 Sombre Executioner: This Player grimly slays their foes
one by one, embodying death itself.
8
Fate’sHerald: This Harlequin’ srole requires them to kill
from afar, singling out their targets and slaying them at
the most dramatic moment.
9
The Eternal W anderer:The role of this Player requires
them to be always on the move, never stopping for even
a moment.
10
The Harmonious Herald: This Harlequin sings in a
strange, lilting tongue as they fight, and may never stop
their song.
HARLEQUIN NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D10 DRAMATIC MANTLE RITUAL PERSONA
1 The Sun King
2 The Star Queen
3 The Shadow Prince
4 The V oid Knave
5 The Sky Witch
6 The Redtide Judge
7 The Moon Executioner
8 The Highborn Seer
9 The Leering Ghoul
10 The Bladed Crone
147

===== PDF page 149 =====

Harlequin KillT eams
HARLEQUIN KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the HARLEQUINS Faction keyword, you can use Harlequins Tactics.
FIRE AND FADE
Harlequins Tactic
Use this Tactic after a model from your kill team
shoots in the Shooting phase. The model can
immediately make a normal move of up to 7" as if
it were the Movement phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
MIRTHLESS HATRED
Harlequins Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is chosen to fight. Re-roll failed hit rolls and failed
wound rolls for this model's attacks that target
SLAANESH models until the end of the phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
WARRIOR ACROBATS
Harlequins Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Movement phase when a
model from your kill team Advances. Add 6" to
the model's Move characteristic for that Movement
phase instead of rolling a dice.
1 COMMAND POINT
PRISMATIC BLUR
Harlequins Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Movement phase when a
model from your kill team Advances. That model
has a 3+ invulnerable save until the start of the
next battle round.
1 COMMAND POINT
WAR DANCERS
Harlequins Tactic
Use this Tactic at the end of the Fight phase. Pick a
model from your kill team that has already fought
this phase. That model can immediately fight an
additional time.
2 COMMAND POINTS
CEGORACH'S JEST
Harlequins Tactic
Use this Tactic after an enemy model has Fallen
Back from a model from your kill team. Provided
no other enemy models are within 1" of your
model, it can shoot at the model that Fell Back as if
it were the Shooting phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
148

===== PDF page 150 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
Player
‘Dance with me
now, in fear, in terror,
in pain, then take
your final bloody bow
upon the cold and
unforgiving stone. ’
- Th e Th iefling Prince,
Player of the Dark
PLAYER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Player 8" 3+ 3+ 3 3 1 4 8 6+ -
This model is armed with a shuriken pistol, Harlequin’ sblade and plasma grenades.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its shuriken pistol with a neuro disruptor or fusion pistol.
• This model may replace its Harlequin’ sblade with a Harlequin’ sembrace, Harlequin’ scaress or Harlequin’ skiss.
ABILITIES Flip Belt: This model can move across other models
and terrain as if they were not there. In addition, it
never suffers falling damage, and never falls on another
model. If it would, instead place this model as close as
possible to the point where it would have landed. This
can bring it within 1" of an enemy model.
Holo-suit: This model has a 4+ invulnerable save.
Rising Crescendo: Y oumay roll 3D6 instead of 2D6 for
this model when making a charge roll, and may choose
an enemy model within 18" of this model as the target of
a charge, rather than 12".
SPECIALISTS Leader, Combat, Medic, Scout, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD HARLEQUINS
KEYWORDS AELDARI, INFANTRY ,PLAYER
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Fusion pistol 6" Pistol 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Neuro disruptor 12" Pistol 1 3 -3 D3 -
Plasma grenade 6" Grenade D6 4 -1 1 -
Shuriken pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -3.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Harlequin’ sblade Melee Melee User 0 1 -
Harlequin’ scaress Melee Melee +2 -2 1 -
Harlequin’ sembrace Melee Melee +1 -3 1 -
Harlequin’ skiss Melee Melee +1 -1 D3 -
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Player 12
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Fusion pistol 3
Neuro disruptor 2
Plasma grenade 0
Shuriken pistol 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Harlequin’ sblade 0
Harlequin’ scaress 3
Harlequin’ sembrace 2
Harlequin’ skiss 4
149

===== PDF page 151 =====

NECRONS
NECRONS
Ancient beyond reckoning and utterly without mercy,
the Necrons are soulless creatures whose skeletal bodies
are formed from living metal. In aeons past these beings
ruled the galaxy with an iron fist, until the accumulated
losses of their ceaseless wars of conquest forced them to
retire to stasis-crypts deep beneath the surfaces of the
planets under their sovereignty. There they slumbered,
awaiting a time when their many enemies were weak
and ripe for domination. Millions of years later the
Necrons have emerged, and their multitudinous legions
march forth across the galaxy at the behest of the proud
and imperious Necron Overlords.
When the Necrons vanished into their hidden stasis
crypts more than sixty million years ago, they were
counted amongst the most powerful species in the
galaxy, and their worlds spread across the stars in great
profusion. Through the long millennia, many of these
tomb worlds have been lost to catastrophe, while others
have undergone such radical shifts in climate or geology
that the tomb complexes beneath their surfaces have
been irreparably damaged or destroyed.
Y etmany more have merely been settled by the galaxy’ s
younger races, who now find strange ruins and the
yawning mouths of glowing crypts rising from beneath
their feet. The Necrons are awakening to discover that
their empire of old teems with what they see as nothing
more than fleshy vermin. They have little patience for
such creatures, with the vast majority seeking simply
to eradicate the infestations as their first step upon the
road of restoring their glories of old.
Advancing in inexorable lockstep come the deathless legions of the Necrons, eldritch energy crackling
from their ancient weapons. They have risen to reclaim the stars, and none shall stand in their way. By
rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following pages, you can generate names and background
for your Necrons kill teams.
Necron kill teams are chosen by an Overlord from
amongst his most favoured warriors. They are invariably
led by elite troops such as Immortals, for unlike the
mindless W arriorssuch Necrons have retained some
of their individuality and extensive combat experience
during the long sleep. That said, the unthinking foot
soldiers of the dynastic legions have their uses – the
leader of a Necron kill team can trust these automatons
to march into the thickest hails of enemy fire in order
to capture vital locations, or retrieve objects of value
desired by their master. For more delicate missions
– whether assassination, the gathering of subjects
for mindshackle interrogation or perhaps the violent
humiliation of a rival – the Necron Lord will make use
of more specialised troops. Th us,Necron kill teams can
vary greatly in composition, though their predominant
strategy is to obliterate their foes from afar with a
relentless storm of atomising gauss energy.
GIFTS OF THE CRYPTEKS
Necron technology is so incredibly potent that
to many races it appears indistinguishable from
sorcery. Created by the technomancers known
as Crypteks, it enables their armies of conquest
to teleport to and from the battlefield seemingly
at will, and allows grievously damaged Necron
warriors to rapidly self-repair or even phase out of
reality altogether. Most terrifying of all, it provides
Necron soldiery with weapons that can flay their
victims apart on an atomic level, wreathe them in
arcs of lethal energy, or reduce them to glowing
ashes in the blink of an eye.
150

===== PDF page 152 =====

D10 MISSION: GLORIOUS TASK
1 The Cull: All sentient non-Necron lifeforms must be exterminated without mercy or exception.
2 Mindthieves: A prominent enemy leader has been slated for mental domination through the application of mindshackle
scarabs. This kill team must perform the forced indoctrination.
3 Servants of the Crypteks: This kill team has been charged with testing the deadly weapons of the Crypteks upon a variety of
living specimens and reporting the results.
4 Heralds of the Uprising: In order to awaken a major tomb complex, specific locations above ground must be seized and
invested with Necron technologies.
5 Chrono-aquisitors: Below the planet’ ssurface, a tomb complex stirs. This kill team must disrupt the lesser races and, in so
doing, buy time for the awakening to proceed.
6 Fractal Disruption: Following an exacting, hyper-logical plan, this kill team must eliminate a series of enemy supply and
control assets to cripple the foe.
7 Punishment Detail: These warriors have failed their Overlord in some way and, on his whim, have been sent on a desperate
mission to atone or be destroyed.
8 Relentless W ar:This kill team has been prioritised for resurrection protocols, and charged with fighting a rigged war of
attrition with the enemy forces in this war zone.
9 The Phaeron’sBlade: The Necron war effort will be rendered three hundred per cent more efficient if a specific enemy
defensive asset or leader is mercilessly eliminated by this kill team.
10 The Phaeron’sCurse: Some insolent member of the lesser races was fool enough to invade a tomb complex and steal a
priceless artefact. This kill team will reclaim that artefact, and administer a suitably horrific punishment to the transgressor.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: GIFT OF AEONS
1 The Curse of Time: So ancient are these warriors, so many times have they been resurrected, that they have become
somewhat faltering and unreliable.
2 W reathedin Power: Some artifice of the Crypteks ensures that these warriors’ bodies crackle with a constant energised halo.
3 Deadly Automata: These warriors stalk into battle without hesitation, single-mindedly focused on their objective and
untroubled by the incoming fire of the foe.
4 Dark Sentience: These Necrons are more self-aware and intelligent than most of their kind, able to reason, react and hate…
5 Ether-flux: These warriors have slipped slightly out of sync with time, and flicker in and out of reality like a mirage.
6 Skin-takers: These Necrons are driven to flense their victims at close-quarters.
7 Arrogant Hunters: This kill team looks down upon the lesser races as game-animals to be hunted.
8 Deranged: The Great Sleep has scrambled the mental engrams of these warriors, leaving their actions random and strange.
9 Unfeeling: Hollow and robotic, these warriors show no sign of emotion, personality or conscious thought.
10 Favoured W arriors:The warriors of this kill team have been decorated to demonstrate their Overlord’ spower and wealth,
and their wargear is of the highest standard.
D10 BACKGROUND: ANCIENT ORIGINS
1 Harbingers: This kill team is just the tip of the iceberg, the first encroaching warband to break this world’ ssurface and the
spearhead for a far greater emergence.
2 T ombGuardians: These warriors have stood sentry over their tomb complex for countless long years, unsleeping,
unfaltering, ever vigilant.
3 Invaders from Beyond: This kill team is part of a wider planetary invasion, forerunners paving the way for a larger assault.
4 The Phaeron’sChosen: These hand-picked warriors are the elite guards and finest agents of their Overlord.
5 Scouring Party: This kill team is equipped to exterminate the vermin that have infested the demesnes of the Necrontyr.
6 Code-bound: This kill team cleaves to the ancient codes of the Triarch, and would never stoop to the use of dishonourable
weapons or tactics.
7 Assassins: These warriors have been drawn together by their unscrupulous Overlord and charged with eliminating key
enemies through use of whatever tactics they see fit.
8 Ghoulish Nightmares: This kill team consists of ghastly flesh-draped Necrons who spread terror amongst the enemy ranks.
9 Mindless Martyrs: This kill team has been constructed specifically to wear down the foe through sheer relentlessness,
impassively soaking up firepower only to return from apparent demise again and again.
10 Domination Force: This kill team comprises those warriors that can best – and most violently – demonstrate the Necrons’
utter superiority over the lesser races.
151

===== PDF page 153 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1 Menacing: This warrior has a ghastly aspect that spreads
fear amongst the foe.
2
Maniacal: What remains of this warrior’ spersonality
has been corrupted so far that they do little but emit a
terrible, grating laughter.
3
Strategic: Whether by dint of strategic sub-engrams
or memory artefacts, this warrior is a sound
battlefield tactician.
4 Nihilist: This Necron simply wishes to see a destructive
end to all things.
5 T ormentor:This warrior takes a sadistic delight in
inflicting pain upon the lesser races.
6
Glitching: This warrior’ smovements are stilted and
halting, and they emit blurts of partial vocalisation as
they act.
7 Obsessive: Whatever this warrior does, they do
repeatedly and to violent excess.
8
Delusional: This warrior is convinced that they are
still flesh and blood, fighting in an ancient war now
long gone.
9
Acquisitive: T othis warrior, the Necrons are the rightful
inheritors of everything in the galaxy; they take trophies
and steal wargear with a compulsive urgency.
10
Necrochirurgeon: This warrior is fascinated with the
effects that Necron weaponry have upon the flesh of
living things, and the transition from life to final death.
IMMORTAL / FLAYED ONE / DEATHMARK
NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D66 BEQUEATHED
NAME MAGNIFICENT TITLE
11 Ankhep the Unliving
12 Tamonhak the Gilded
13 Eknotath the Great
14 Khotek the Exalted
15 Thanatar the Loyal
16 Amhut the Cruel
21 Karok the Storm’ sEye
22 Zan-T ep the Bloodied
23 Unakh the Mighty
24 Khophec the Relentless
25 Tzantath the Unforgiving
26 Tahar the Merciless
31 Imonekh the Glorious
32 Trazat the Devoted
33 Xeoptar the Victorious
34 Hamanet the Destroyer
35 Oberek the Shrouded
36 Banatur the Flenser
41 Ahmnok the Unstoppable
42 Kophesh the Beheader
43 T eznet the Impaler
44 Odakhar the Magnificent
45 Kythok the Illuminated
46 Eknothet the Executioner
51 Anubitar the Phaeron’ sHand
52 Anokh the Guardian
53 Thotep the Gatekeeper
54 Anhutek the All-seeing
55 Ikhatar the All-knowing
56 Thotmek the Starwalker
61 Ramatek the Starkiller
62 Homanat the Lifetaker
63 Taknophet the Godbreaker
64 Makhret the T orchbearer
65 (no first appellation) the Stormbringer
66 Zanatek the Colossus
152

===== PDF page 154 =====

Necron Kill T eams
NECRON KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the NECRONS Faction keyword, you can use Necrons Tactics.
TARGETING ROUTINES
Necrons Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to shoot in the Shooting phase. Add 1
to hit rolls for that model against targets which
are obscured.
1 COMMAND POINT
FLENSING FURY
Necrons Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a FLAYED ONE
in your kill team to fight in the Fight phase.
Until the end of the phase, each time you make
a wound of 6+ for that model’ sflayer claws, add
1 to the Damage characteristic of the weapon for
that attack.
1 COMMAND POINT
MINDSHACKLE SCARABS
Necrons Tactic
Use this Tactic at the start of the Shooting phase.
Pick an enemy model within 6" of a model from
your kill team and roll 2D6. If the result is higher
than the enemy model’ sLeadership characteristic,
you can immediately make a shooting attack with
one of that model’ sranged weapons as if it were a
model from your kill team.
2 COMMAND POINTS
OVERCHARGED DISINTEGRATION
Necrons Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Shooting phase when you
choose a model in your kill team to shoot with a
gauss flayer or gauss blaster. Improve the Armour
Penetration characteristic of that weapon by 1 until
the end of the phase (e.g. AP-1 becomes AP-2,
AP-2 becomes AP-3).
2 COMMAND POINTS
PRIME REANIMATION PROTOCOLS
Necrons Tactic
Use this Tactic when an Injury roll is made for a
model from your kill team. Roll an additional dice
and apply the lowest result.
2 COMMAND POINTS
DISRUPTION FIELDS
Necrons Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to fight in the Fight phase. Increase the
Strength characteristic of that model by 1 until the
end of the phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
‘W ehave awoken, we who are the rightful rulers of the stars themselves. W eshall ascend, now, to retake
our rightful place, and these vermin that scurry and grub and make their nests amidst the ruins of our
former glories, they shall hinder us not. ’
- Overlord Azmartek, the Ever-Glorious, Prince of the Th ousand Moons, Dominator of the Ancient Realms, He Who
Strides Between the Stars and Before Whom the Gods Th emselves Shall Surely Kneel
153

===== PDF page 155 =====

Necron W arrior
Immortal
NECRON WARRIOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Necron W arrior 5" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 10 4+ -
This model is armed with a gauss flayer.
ABILITIES Reanimation Protocols: When an Injury roll is made for this model, on an unmodified roll of 6 the model is
not taken out of action and does not suffer a flesh wound. Instead it is restored to 1 wound remaining with no
flesh wounds.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Comms, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD NECRONS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,NECRON W ARRIOR
IMMORTAL
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Immortal 5" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 10 3+ -
This model is armed with a gauss blaster.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its gauss blaster with a tesla carbine.
ABILITIES Reanimation Protocols: When an Injury roll is made for this model, on an unmodified roll of 6 the model is
not taken out of action and does not suffer a flesh wound. Instead it is restored to 1 wound remaining with no
flesh wounds.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Comms, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD NECRONS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,IMMORTAL
154

===== PDF page 156 =====

Flayed One
Deathmark
DEATHMARK
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Deathmark 5" 3+ 3+ 4 4 1 1 10 3+ -
This model is armed with a synaptic disintegrator.
ABILITIES Reanimation Protocols: When an Injury roll is made for this model, on an unmodified roll of 6 the model is
not taken out of action and does not suffer a flesh wound. Instead it is restored to 1 wound remaining with no
flesh wounds.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Comms, Scout, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD NECRONS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,DEATHMARK
FLAYED ONE
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Flayed One 5" 3+ 6+ 4 4 1 3 10 4+ -
This model is armed with flayer claws.
ABILITIES Reanimation Protocols: When an Injury roll is made for this model, on an unmodified roll of 6 the model is
not taken out of action and does not suffer a flesh wound. Instead it is restored to 1 wound remaining with no
flesh wounds.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Combat, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD NECRONS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,FLAYED ONE
155

===== PDF page 157 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
‘Th isworld is ours in perpetuity, as decreed by
the Triarch and ratified by the Silent King. Y ouare
trespassers upon a sovereign domain that was already
old when these stars were young. That you were
ignorant of this is the only reason you still live. My
lord and master offers you a single chance to remove
yourselves and all your works from his world or be
eradicated. Y ouhave one solar cycle to comply. ’
- Zanatek the Beheader to the populace of Th esvor II
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Gauss blaster 24" Rapid Fire 1 5 -2 1 -
Gauss flayer 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 -1 1 -
Synaptic disintegrator 24" Rapid Fire 1 4 0 1
A model firing a synaptic disintegrator does not suffer
the penalty to hit rolls for the target being at long range.
Each time you roll a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
the target suffers a mortal wound in addition to any
other damage.
T eslacarbine 24" Assault 2 5 0 1 Each hit roll of 6+ with this weapon causes 3 hits.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Flayer claws Melee Melee User 0 1 Re-roll failed wound rolls for this weapon.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Deathmark 15
Flayed One 10
Immortal 16
Necron W arrior 12
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Gauss blaster 0
Gauss flayer 0
Synaptic disintegrator 0
T eslacarbine 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Flayer claws 0
156

===== PDF page 158 =====

‘Our enemies seek to do battle with us, yet they
do not realise that they have already lost. How can
beings so crude, from a culture so primitive and
immature, hope to battle such as we? Th isis not
war, it is eradication of vermin… ’
- Xeoptar the Great upon the Plains of Desolation
157

===== PDF page 159 =====

ORKS
ORKS
The Orks are a galactic menace, a race of hulking,
bellicose aliens who love nothing more than a good
fight, and will devastate entire star systems in their
attempts to find a battle worthy of their time. Their
cobbled-together vehicles and weapons appear crude in
design, but that does not make them any less destructive
on the battlefield – to stand against an Ork assault is to
be enveloped by a tidal wave of primal ferocity that is as
unstoppable as it is terrifying.
Orks are exceptionally straightforward creatures,
whose culture is as robust as it is simple. In greenskin
society, might makes right, and so the largest and
strongest Ork inevitably bullies his way to the top of
the heap. Th us,the Boss Nobz that rule over mobs of
greenskins are muscle-bound, thick-skinned brutes,
while the W arbossesthat in turn rule over them are
truly monstrous creatures that command entire tribes or
– in the case of the mightiest leaders – a star-spanning
military migration known as a W aaagh!.
Beyond this simple societal structure, Orks are further
divided into a number of clans, each of which has
distinguishing features, a favoured colour and glyph,
and certain specialities on and off the battlefield.
Whether it be the Evil Sunz, who paint everything red
and are obsessed with speed, the brutal Goffs with their
black armour and love of close-quarters violence, the
rich and showy Bad Moons, the light-fingered looters
of the Deathskulls, the atavistic and tough Snakebites
or the oddly disciplined – and universally mistrusted –
Blood Axes, each Ork clan has its place in Ork society,
and its own favourite ways of making war.
The Orks are the most belligerent and resourceful race in the galaxy. Rampaging across the void in their
billions, the greenskins devastate everything in their path. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on
the following pages, you can generate names and background for your Ork kill teams.
An Ork kill team is comprised of a raucous mob of
greenskins who delight in the rush and crunch of battle.
Its leader is always the biggest and meanest Ork around,
accompanied by those he has managed to bully, cajole
or threaten into following him. Like a green wrecking
ball, this gathering will smash aside anything in its
path. Hollering Orks will fill the air with storms of lead
from their crude shootas, while towering brutes lumber
forwards through the carnage of battle, hacking, bashing
and blasting their foes apart with murderous glee.
The Orks’ great strength and durability make them
excellent hand-to-hand fighters, and most Ork kill
teams eschew such a tedious concern as marksmanship
in favour of closing with the enemy as quickly and
violently as possible, swarming them with sheer
numbers. However, what the greenskins lack in
accuracy they make up for in weight of fire, and their
foes should not discount the cumulative devastation
unleashed by a dozen shootas and burnas blazing away
in deafening unison.
GORK AND MORK
The Orks worship a pair of rumbustious and
belligerent gods known as Gork and Mork,
who embody the greenskin love of violence for
violence’ ssake. Gork is said by the Orks to be
brutal but kunnin’ ,a hulking warrior god who likes
nothing more than to take the most direct route
into the biggest fight he can find. Meanwhile, his
brother Mork is kunnin’ but brutal, a massive war
club hidden just behind his back where it can be
swiftly whipped out and brought crashing down
on his enemies’ heads the moment they look the
other way.
158

===== PDF page 160 =====

D10 MISSION: DA PLAN
1 Kill Their Bosses: This kill team is out to hunt down and kill enemy leaders and specialists.
2 Get Stuck In: Hit ’ emhard and keep moving forwards: it’ sthe greenskin way.
3 Salvage: This kill team must pick over every fallen corpse and piece of machinery to grab everything they can for the Meks.
4 ’ Andzoff: These ladz are out to protect something the Meks built, and that the enemy want to steal or destroy.
5 We’ll Show ’Em: Each Ork vies to be the one that can ‘bag da most trophies’ ,with ‘trophies’ here meaning ‘enemy heads’ .
6 Da Ambush: The foe is surrounded; now the fun begins. This kill team must launch a surprise attack to wipe out the enemy.
7 Speed Is Its Own Reward: For these Orks, its all about going as fast as they can, because the fastest ladz win.
8 Sneak About: Only Blood Axes leaders would worry about ‘scoutin’da foe’ ,and on their orders a small team has been sent
out to reconnoitre the area.
9 Fist of Gork (or Mork): As the speartip of a larger attack, this kill team must clear the way for the hordes that follow.
10 Plant da Flag: T oclaim an area the Orks must wipe out the foe and then ensure all know who did it in the brashest and most
unsubtle way possible.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: DA KNOW-WOTZ
1 Loud and Tuneless: From amped-up weaponry to deafening warshouts and bellowed Freebooterz space-shanties, this entire
squad values making as much noise as possible.
2 Boastful: Full of bravado and braggadocio, this squad never shuts up about their own violent accomplishments, pointing out
and extolling at length each and every one.
3 Itchy: Some sort of rash has been making even the Orks’ leathery hides feel all scratchy, often at the least convenient times…
4 Madboyz: Possibly it was the recent ’ ead-buttingcontest, but the loud, raucously shouted war cries of this crew are entirely
incomprehensible, and their behaviour rather strange.
5 Krumpin’ Krew: This squad revels in the biggest and loudest-struck blows, and have become experts at winding up and
delivering the most brutal of close-combat hits.
6 Hard-bitten: The Orks in this mob boast iron gobs, steel teef or incredibly powerful jaws with which they like to ‘leave their
mark’ upon any who fight them.
7 Lucky Gitz: Whether by sacred keepsakes or lucky blue tattoos, this entire mob has proven to be blessed with good fortune
by Gork and Mork themselves.
8 Pyromaniacs: Every member of this mob enjoys setting things ablaze and knows ‘a burny fing is a good fing’ .
9 Buzzsquigs: This mob is overhyped on Buzzsquigs – small snack-sized creatures that boost greenskin energies beyond even
their usual maniacal levels.
10 Praktical Jokers: Whether it’ sstingjaws placed in their fellows’ trousers, slugga-grips loosened while the owner is distracted,
or the explosives in a stikkbomb replaced with stink-squigs, this mob will go to any lengths to mess with each other.
D10 BACKGROUND: DA LADZ
1 Gung-ho!: This kill team are glory seekers out to prove themselves, wishing to stand out from their horde-mates with their
deeds of battle and kunnin’ .
2 Filled with W aaagh!:The violent energies of the W aaagh!have filled these greenskins with unnatural enthusiasm for battle.
3 Skraphuntaz: These Orks are driven to hoard scrap, and even if it is bolted down these ladz will steal it (along with the bolts).
4 The Shootiest: When it comes to dakka, these greenskins know how to lay it down, for they love firepower the way
Squiggoths love to eat.
5 Sneaky Gits!: This kill team firmly believes that attacking from unexpected quarters is not only thrilling, but good for laughs
when they see the panic in their doomed enemies’ eyes.
6 Brutal: These Orks like to fight up-close and personal, preferring to pummel their foes in hand-to-hand combat.
7 Kunnin’: These Orks know how to rig cruel traps of every variety, and are well known amongst their brethren for using other
sneaky tricks like hiding behind cover when the enemy shoots at them.
8 Internal Rivalries: The Orks in this mob are constantly trying to outdo one another, whether because they belong to different
tribes or clans, or just because one of the ladz said he was ‘da best’ and the others are going to prove him wrong or die trying.
9 Addicted to Destruction: These Orks are so keen to wreck everything they see that they will even blast apart terrain if there
are no better targets.
10 Spreaders of the W aaagh!:This kill team believes that the best way to spread the W aaagh!is with shockingly brutal acts of
violence inflicted upon the foe.
159

===== PDF page 161 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1
Thick-headed: While this warrior is not overly bright,
they can deliver an ’ eadbuttthat will dent a plascrete-
reinforced bunker.
2
Heavily Scarred: Other greenskins view so much
battle damage in the same way other races might gaze
upon veterans bedecked with military medals, ribbons,
and honours.
3 Stubborn: With single-minded determination this Ork
is set on accomplishing every task in their own way.
4
Light-fingered: This Ork is a master pilferer and they
snatch, steal and loot at all times, ensuring they have
plenty of extra gear should the need arise.
5
Violent Loon: Even by greenskin standards this warrior
is full of aggression, and he does not know the meaning
of the word overkill.
6
Resilient: T ooangry to know pain, too full of fight to
slow down, this warrior can shrug off any wound, at
least for a time.
7
Beady-eyed: This Ork is so shrewd that no small detail
escapes his low kunnin, and he knows just where to
place his shot or drive his choppa for maximum effect.
8 T ooDumb to Know Fear: Nothing could dissuade this
Ork from attacking.
9 Foul Gob: None can challenge or taunt the foe with as
much zeal and mockery as this Ork.
10
Big and Brawny: When this Ork bellows the whole
battlefield can hear it, and he looms over his mates like
a monster.
ORK NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D66 FRONT BIT UVVER BIT
11 Urzog Drakka
12 Snikrat Grug
13 Krogskull Gitstompa
14 Gorgrok Skullcrusha
15 Droknog Facekrumpa
16 Grodd the ’ Ard
21 Zogwarp Grot Kicker
22 Gitzog da Shiv
23 Ruggat (no uvver bit)
24 Zargruk Blaktoof
25 Stugbrog da Hammer
26 Snarkrat Ghazbhag
31 Zagblag Steelfang
32 Bokgrobber Daggafist
33 Zarknutz Squigbiter
34 Dhakadak da Stompy
35 Nargrunt da Facegrinda
36 Farksnot Loudgob
41 Gharagh Facebiter
42 Urlakk da Maniak
43 Zogger Steelbootz
44 Slazbag Ripblade
45 Squigface ’Umiechewa
46 Ugul Ironboot
51 T uska Flame Spitta
52 Nakboz Wurldkilla
53 Skarzot Stompkrumpa
54 Kroggler Spleenrippa
55 Grukk Bigfangz
56 Fragbad Badfang
61 Traknug Snotkicka
62 Grizgutz Brewguzzla
63 Shrokbog Bonesplitta
64 Kraznag ’Eadkrakka
65 Gragnatz Madeye
66 Blokrotz Trakeye
160

===== PDF page 162 =====

Ork Kill T eams
ORK KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the ORKS Faction keyword, you can use Orks Tactics.
DAKKA DAKKA DAKKA
Orks Tactic
Use this Tactic after a model from your kill team
shoots in the Shooting phase. Y oucan immediately
shoot an additional time with that model.
1 COMMAND POINT
GROT SHIELD
Orks Tactic
Use this Tactic at the start of the Shooting phase.
Pick a model from your kill team that is within 2"
of a GRETCHIN model. Until the end of the phase,
while that Gretchin model is on the battlefield, any
attacks which target the chosen model are resolved
against that Gretchin model instead.
2 COMMAND POINTS
JUST A FLESH WOUND
Orks Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is taken out of action. Roll a D6. On a 4+ that
model suffers a flesh wound instead.
2 COMMAND POINTS
MEK’S SPECIAL STIKKBOMB
Orks Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model from
your kill team to attack with a stikkbomb. Until
the end of the phase, change the weapon’ stype
to Grenade D3 and add 1 to its Strength and
Damage characteristics.
2 COMMAND POINTS
KRUMP ’EM!
Orks Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to fight in the Fight phase. Increase the
Strength characteristic of that model by 1 until the
end of the phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
GNASHER SQUIG
Orks Tactic
Use this Tactic at the start of the Fight phase. Pick
an enemy model that is within 1" of any of your
models and roll a D6. On a 4+, that enemy model
suffers 1 mortal wound.
2 COMMAND POINTS
‘Right ladz, listen up. Da humies ’ avegot a big shiny box an’ it’s powerin’ all their gubbinz. Da plan is,
we’ze goin’ to kick da door in, give ’ emall sum dakka, chuck rokkits about ’til da box blows up like Mugrot’s
buggy in dat minefield, and bosh, job’sa good ’un! Any questions? Nah? Good, didn’t fink so… Let’s get
stuck in den boyz! W AAAGH!’
- Boss Nob Gazrot Gitstompa just minutes before the infamous
Meltdown Catastrophe of Generatorum Beta-2
161

===== PDF page 163 =====

Ork Boy
Gretchin
ORK BOY
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Ork Boy 5" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ -
Ork Boy Gunner 5" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ 2
Boss Nob 5" 3+ 5+ 5 4 2 3 7 6+ 1
This model is armed with a slugga, choppa and stikkbombs.
Two Ork Boys in your kill team can be Ork Boy Gunners, and one Ork Boy in your kill team can be a Boss Nob.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its slugga and choppa with a shoota.
• An Ork Boy Gunner may replace their slugga and choppa with a big shoota or rokkit launcha.
• A Boss Nob may replace their slugga with a kombi-weapon with rokkit launcha or kombi-weapon with skorcha.
• A Boss Nob may replace their choppa with a big choppa or a power klaw.
ABILITIES ’Ere We Go: Re-roll failed charge rolls for a model with this ability.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Boss Nob only), Heavy (Gunner only), Combat, Demolitions, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ORKS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,ORK BOY
GRETCHIN
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Gretchin 5" 5+ 4+ 2 2 1 1 4 6+ -
This model is armed with a grot blasta.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Scout
FACTION KEYWORD ORKS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,GRETCHIN
162

===== PDF page 164 =====

Kommando
Burna Boy
Loota
‘Orks. Are there any more dangerous or belligerent enemies in all the wide, dark galaxy? Has Humanity
ever encountered an enemy more difficult to eradicate, more senselessly violent and needlessly destructive
than the greenskin menace? I highly doubt it… ’
- General Grumman van der Vosteen, 884th Brachtovarian Dragoons
KOMMANDO
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Kommando 6" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ -
Kommando Boss Nob 6" 3+ 5+ 5 4 2 3 7 6+ 1
This model is armed with a slugga, choppa and stikkbombs. One Kommando in your kill team can be a Kommando Boss Nob.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Kommando Boss Nob may replace their choppa with a power klaw.
ABILITIES ’Ere We Go: Re-roll failed charge rolls for a model with this ability.
Sneaky Gits: When an enemy player makes a hit roll for a shooting attack that targets this model, and this model
is obscured, that hit roll suffers an additional -1 modifier.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Kommando Boss Nob only), Combat, Demolitions, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ORKS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,KOMMANDO
BURNA BOY
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Burna Boy 5" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ -
Burna Spanner 5" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ 3
This model is armed with a burna and stikkbombs.
Up to three Burna Boys in your kill team can be Burna Spanners. Burna Spanners are instead armed with a big shoota and stikkbombs.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Burna Spanner may replace their big shoota with a kustom mega-blasta or rokkit launcha.
ABILITIES ’Ere We Go: Re-roll failed charge rolls for a model with this ability.
SPECIALISTS Comms (Burna Spanner only), Leader, Combat, Demolitions, Veteran, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD ORKS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,BURNA BOY
LOOTA
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Loota 5" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ -
Loota Spanner 5" 3+ 5+ 4 4 1 2 6 6+ 3
This model is armed with a deffgun and stikkbombs.
Up to three Lootas in your kill team can be Loota Spanners. Loota Spanners are instead armed with a big shoota and stikkbombs.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Loota Spanner may replace their big shoota with a kustom mega-blasta or rokkit launcha.
ABILITIES ’Ere We Go: Re-roll failed charge rolls for a model with this ability.
SPECIALISTS Comms (Loota Spanner only), Leader, Combat, Demolitions, Heavy, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD ORKS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,LOOTA
163

===== PDF page 165 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Big shoota 36" Assault 3 5 0 1 -
Burna This weapon can be used as a ranged weapon and a melee weapon. When making shooting attacks or firing
Overwatch with this weapon, use the ranged profile; when making close combat attacks, use the melee profile.
- Ranged 8" Assault D3 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
- Melee Melee Melee User -2 1 -
Deffgun 48" Heavy D3 7 -1 2 -
Grot blasta 12" Pistol 1 3 0 1 -
Kombi-weapon with
rokkit launcha
When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all
hit rolls made for this weapon.
- Rokkit launcha 24" Assault 1 8 -2 3 -
- Shoota 18" Assault 2 4 0 1 -
Kombi-weapon with
skorcha
When attacking with this weapon, choose one or both of the profiles below. If you choose both, subtract 1 from all
hit rolls made for this weapon.
- Shoota 18" Assault 2 4 0 1 -
- Skorcha 8" Assault D6 5 -1 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Kustom mega-blasta 24" Assault 1 8 -3 D3 On an unmodified hit roll of 1, the bearer suffers a
mortal wound.
Rokkit launcha 24" Assault 1 8 -2 3 -
Shoota 18" Assault 2 4 0 1 -
Slugga 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 -
Stikkbomb 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Big choppa Melee Melee +2 -1 2 -
Choppa Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Power klaw Melee Melee x2 -3 D3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Burna Boy 12
- Burna Spanner 10
Gretchin 3
Kommando 8
- Kommando Boss Nob 12
Loota 12
- Loota Spanner 10
Ork Boy 6
- Ork Boy Gunner 7
- Boss Nob 10
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Big shoota 0
Burna 0
Deffgun 0
Grot blasta 0
Kombi-weapon with rokkit launcha 3
Kombi-weapon with skorcha 4
Kustom mega-blasta 0
Rokkit launcha 3
Shoota 0
Slugga 0
Stikkbomb 0
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Big choppa 2
Choppa 0
Power klaw 4
164

===== PDF page 166 =====

‘Come on ladz, push ’ emback! Dat’s right, get
some fire in there an’ burn ’ emup good! They
thought they woz gonna ambush us did they, the
sneaky gitz? W ellnow they’re gonna see wot a
proppa fight looks like!’
- Krogskull Drakka
165

===== PDF page 167 =====

T’ AUEMPIRE
T’AU EMPIRE
The T’au are a young and dynamic race who seek to
spread word of their unifying philosophy – the T’ au’va,
or the Greater Good – throughout the stars. Guided by
the mysterious spiritual leaders known as Ethereals, the
T’au sweep aside any who would deny this universal
truth with the power of their superior technology.
Compared to many species in the galaxy, the T’au race is
still in its infancy, yet the pace at which T’au technology
advances is truly ferocious. Unified by their belief in
the Greater Good, the T’au set aside personal gain and
internal strife, instead pouring all of their considerable
intellect and manufacturing genius into creating ever
more advanced machineries, artificial intelligences and
devastating weapons of war.
The T’au Empire’ sefforts at colonisation are similarly
fast-paced and single-minded; each new world
encountered by the T’au is swiftly surveyed and
assessed for assimilation into the latest T’au Sphere.
Any indigenous, sentient beings are offered a simple
choice – join the glory of the Greater Good, contribute
to spreading its light across the stars, or be evicted
through swift and targeted military action. It is this
uncompromising stance that has brought the T’au into
conflict with many of the galaxy’ solder races, but to
their credit they continue to push their empire’ sborders
ever outwards.
As befitting the T’au Empire’ shighly organised and
adaptable forces, T’au kill teams tend to be perfectly
specialised and equipped for their task. The soldiers
The T’au Empire is a rising force in the galaxy. United by the Greater Good, the T’au strive to bring
enlightenment to other races, by force if necessary. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the
following pages, you can generate names and background for your T’au Empire kill teams.
of the Fire caste – the military arm of the empire – are
well used to forming teams comprised of a mix of
troop types in order to maximise combat efficiency.
It is common for the warriors of these kill teams to
undergo the bonding ritual known as ta’lissera – a pact
where each T’au pledges unconditional support to their
comrades. This is the highest form of T’au commitment
to another, and it symbolises the sacrifice of the
individual to become part of a greater whole.
Specialists within a T’au kill team will be combined
and utilised at the discretion of the T’au officer given
command of the mission – most often a veteran
Shas’ui or Shas’vre. In battle, these kill teams operate
as a microcosm of the greater T’au war machine. They
prioritise swift movement and superior firepower,
unbalancing the enemy with cunning counter-attacks,
flanking assaults and ambushes. Melee combat is
generally regarded as a desperate last resort.
DRONES
The T’au make prolific use of artificial intelligences
in every aspect of their society, including dexterous
mechanised assistants in operating theatres and
laboratories, training units in military academies,
and a range of anti-gravitic support drones that
aid their warriors upon the field of battle. Combat
support drones range from simple gun-bearing
modules that add their firepower to that of their
assigned squad, to units that can lock and transmit
targeting data, surround their assigned squad with
a protective force field, interpose themselves like
shields between their operators and imminent
danger, or even send out thrumming gravitic
pulses that drive back charging foes.
166

===== PDF page 168 =====

D10 MISSION: SERVICE TO THE GREATER GOOD
1 Bait the Trap: Using strike-and-fade attacks, this kill team must draw the enemy into the jaws of a trap.
2 Mark the Target: This kill team must range into enemy territory and lay down beacons for an AX39 Sun Shark
bombing mission.
3 Destroy the Enemy Supplies: An enemy cannot fight on will alone – this kill team must rob the opposing army of vital
supplies and ammunition.
4 Assassination: The enemy commander inspires great devotion. Their death will send the opposition into disarray.
5 Ambush: This kill team seeks to launch an ambush that will cut the heart from the enemy force.
6 Extract the Target: An important T’au official is trapped behind enemy lines. They must be recovered and extracted at
any cost.
7 Weapons T est:The Earth caste science divisions require live holo-footage and statistical analysis of their weapons in action.
8 Seize Vital Intel: T’au High Command requires intelligence regarding the enemy’ sstrategic disposition and intentions – this
kill team must raid the opposition’ scommand post and acquire this data.
9 Forward Reconnaissance: The Kauyon requires patience and foresight. This kill team seeks to push into enemy territory and
observe their movement.
10 Defend Strategic Asset: The enemy is launching probing assaults against vital T’au holdings. This kill team must engage and
repel the attackers, and hold the objective at all costs.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: PHILOSOPHY
1 Honourable W arriors:This kill team strictly adheres to the Code of Fire, and always treats defeated opponents with respect
and honour.
2 Vengeful: This kill team has suffered a great loss at the hands of a particular alien race, and wishes to revisit their suffering
in kind.
3 Unyielding: True adherents of the T’au’va,this kill team will stand and die rather than giving a single inch to their foes.
4 Students of Kauyon: Careful and cunning, the warriors of this kill team embody the way of the Patient Hunter.
5 Students of Mont’ka: This kill team is filled with aggressive, hot-blooded warriors who excel at the killing strike of
the Mont’ka.
6 Canny Tacticians: This kill team excels at luring the enemy into ill-advised actions, launching strike-and-fade attacks to draw
their quarry into deadly ambushes.
7 No Heroes: This kill team gladly carries out the most unpleasant and distasteful missions, knowing that they do so in the
name of the Greater Good.
8 T ech-minded:The warriors of this kill team are constantly re-calibrating and adjusting their weaponry and equipment in
order to improve combat performance.
9 Ghosts: The warriors of this kill team never speak in battle, instead utilising a complex system of visual signifiers, comm
clicks and hand gestures that they have developed over many years of fighting together.
10 No One Left Behind: The ta’lissera bond within this kill team is so strong that its warriors would never abandon a comrade
in peril, even at the cost of their own lives.
D10 BACKGROUND: BOND
1 Survivors: This kill team comprises the few remaining survivors of a battle that wiped out an entire cadre.
2 Stealth Experts: This kill team excels at ranging behind enemy lines and destroying mission-critical targets.
3 Prototype Weapons T esters:This kill team has been assigned the mission of testing bleeding-edge Earth caste munitions in
the field.
4 Edification T eam:This kill team has been despatched by their Ethereal council to ensure that their comrades do not stray
from the T’au’va.
5 Urban Combat Specialists: This kill team has trained extensively in close-combat tactics and breaching techniques.
6 Heroes of the Greater Good: This kill team is renowned across the Empire for its heroic actions, and has been the subject of
several propaganda campaigns.
7 Bodyguard Retinue: This kill team has been seconded to the retinue of a blessed Ethereal, tasked with protecting its ward
unto death.
8 Elite of the Academies: This kill team has been hand-picked from the Fire caste academies for their tactical innovation and
strategic genius.
9 Fourth Sphere Veterans: This kill team was part of the fateful Fourth Sphere Expansion, and their traumatic experiences
have left them with a deep distrust of non-T’au species.
10 Sniper T eam:This kill team is comprised of expert sharpshooters whose pinpoint shots can bring down any foe.
167

===== PDF page 169 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1
Scholar of Puretide: This warrior has memorised the
teachings and aphorisms of the legendary Commander
Puretide, and recites favoured passages to his comrades
in the heat of battle.
2
Pragmatic: This warrior understands that sometimes
difficult choices and unpalatable actions must be made
in service of the Greater Good.
3 Precise: This warrior never utilises more force than is
necessary to achieve the desired objective.
4 Hot-Blooded: This warrior is prone to bold – perhaps
even rash – action.
5
Wise Veteran: This warrior is an experienced and
well-respected veteran of the Fire caste who acts as a
steadying hand to his younger comrades.
6 Unflappable: Even under the most intense pressure, this
warrior maintains a cool head and a steady aim.
7
Perceptive: This sharp-eyed warrior is constantly on the
lookout for incoming threats, and is almost impossible
to catch off-guard.
8
Dishonoured: This warrior was once a highly regarded
officer ,but after committing an unknown act of
subversion they were subjected to the punishment ritual
of Malk’la and returned to the ranks. They fight fiercely
to erase the stain of this dishonour.
9
Farsight Sympathiser: The legendary Commander
Farsight has been named traitor by the Ethereals, but
there are still those within the Fire caste who venerate
his legacy.
10
Monat: Quiet and withdrawn, this warrior practises
the philosophy of the Monat – embracing the path of
the lone hunter rather than fighting as one with his
bonded kin.
CASTES RANKS SEPTS
The first component of a T’au
name. Unless in exceptional
circumstances, all T’au in a kill
team will be Fire caste.
The second component in
a T’au name. Most T’au in a
kill team will have their ranks
clearly indicated in their title.
The third component in a T’au name. This indicates the sept in which
they were born, raised and trained.
Shas – Fire (soldiers and
warriors) ’la – W arrior T’au Au’taal Fi’rios
Fio – Earth (engineers and
scientists) ’ui – V eteran Dal’yth Tash’var Mu’ gulathBay
Kor – Air (pilots and
starfarers) ’vre – Hero T’au’n N’ dras Fe’ saan
Por – W ater(diplomats and
merchants) ’ el– Noble (possibly knight) Fal’ shia V ash’ya Kor’tal
’ o– Commander D’yanoi Ke’lshan Y o’vai
Vior’la T’ olku Sa’ cea
Bork’an Elsy’ eir Ksi’m’yen
D66 T’AU INDIVIDUAL NAME
GENERATOR TABLE
11 Sul’an 41 Ren’as
12 Ho’ sen 42 Lor’ma
13 Atsumo 43 Tash’lor
14 N’ ea 44 W atana
15 Els’im 45 Nomura
16 K’yen 46 Nishino
21 Or’ os 51 D’tano
22 Pashera 52 Xo’yima
23 Rais 53 T’ suka
24 Sel’tas 54 Kais
25 Be’tol 55 Shamasa
26 E’yaal 56 Pu’jato
31 Murakan 61 Ju’yem
32 T o’jo 62 Ga’mo
33 Kurami 63 Kasashi
34 U’ so 64 Lamano
35 Lorresa 65 Mi’ daro
36 Paluto 66 Uvash’a
168

===== PDF page 170 =====

T’au Empire Kill T eams
T’ AUEMPIRE KILL TEAMS
Some T’au Empire models are armed with markerlights, which work differently to normal weapons –
the rules for these can be found below. In addition, if every model in your kill team has the T’ AUEMPIRE
Faction keyword, you can use T’au Empire Tactics.
RECON SWEEP
T’au Empire Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Shooting phase when you
pick a P ATHFINDERfrom your kill team to shoot.
Instead of shooting, that model can immediately
make a normal move as if it were the Movement
phase, but instead of moving up to their Move
characteristic they move up to 2D6".
1 COMMAND POINT
STIMULANT INJECTOR
T’au Empire Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
(other than a DRONE) loses a wound. Roll a D6
for that wound, and each other wound lost by that
model for the rest of the phase; on a 5+ that wound
is not lost.
1 COMMAND POINT
UPLINKED MARKERLIGHT
T’au Empire Tactic
Use this Tactic after an enemy model has been hit
by a markerlight fired by a model from your kill
team. Place D3+1 markerlight counters next to
that model instead of only 1.
2 COMMAND POINTS
BREACH AND CLEAR
T’au Empire Tactic
Use this Tactic in your turn in the Shooting phase,
when a FIRE W ARRIORBREACHER from your kill
team targets an enemy model that is obscured.
Re-roll failed wound rolls made for the FIRE
W ARRIORBREACHER against that enemy model
until the end of this phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
Markerlights: If a model fires a markerlight, it cannot fire any other weapons in that phase. When a model is hit by a
markerlight, place a counter next to it for the remainder of the phase. The table below describes the benefits models
from your kill team receive when shooting at a model that has markerlight counters. All benefits are cumulative.
MARKERLIGHT TABLE
MARKERLIGHTS BENEFIT
1 Y oucan re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks that target this model.
2 Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks that target this model if it is obscured.
3 Models attacking this model do not suffer the penalty for moving and firing Heavy weapons or
Advancing and firing Assault weapons.
4 or more Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks that target this model.
169

===== PDF page 171 =====

Fire W arrior
Pathfinder
FIRE WARRIOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Shas’la 6" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ -
Shas’ui 6" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 7 4+ 1
DS8 Tactical
Support Turret - - 4+ 3 3 1 0 4 4+ 1
A Shas’la or Shas’ui is equipped with a pulse rifle and photon grenades.
One Shas’la in your kill team can be a Shas’ui.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A model may replace its pulse rifle with a pulse carbine.
• A Shas’la or Shas’ui may take a pulse pistol.
• A Shas’ui may instead replace its pulse rifle with a pulse pistol.
• A Shas’ui may take a markerlight.
• One Shas’la in your kill team may be accompanied by a DS8 Tactical Support T urret.A DS8 Tactical Support
T urretis equipped with either a missile pod or smart missile system.
ABILITIES For the Greater Good: When an enemy model declares
a charge against a model from your kill team, models
from your kill team with this ability within 6" of one
of the charging model’ stargets may fire Overwatch as
if they were also targeted. Once a model has done so,
they cannot fire Overwatch or Retreat for the rest of
the phase.
Bonding Knife Ritual: Y oucan subtract 1 from Nerve
tests for Shas’las or Shas’uis from your kill team within
3" of any friendly models with this ability that are
not shaken.
DS8 Tactical Support Turret: A Tactical Support
T urretis set up within 2" of the model it accompanies
when that model is set up on the battlefield. It is
treated as a separate model, but cannot move for any
reason. If this model is more than 2" from the model
it accompanies at any point, it is removed from the
battlefield. It does not count as having been taken
out of action. Tactical Support T urretsmay not be
specialists, are not part of a fire team (pg 204) and do
not gain experience.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Shas’ui only), Comms, Medic, Scout, Sniper, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD T’ AUEMPIRE
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,FIRE W ARRIOR
PATHFINDER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Pathfinder 7" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 5+ -
Pathfinder Gunner 7" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 5+ 3
Pathfinder Shas’ui 7" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 7 5+ 1
This model is armed with a pulse carbine, markerlight and photon grenades.
Up to three Pathfinders in your kill team can be Pathfinder Gunners, and one Pathfinder in your kill team can be a Pathfinder Shas’ui.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Pathfinder Gunner may replace their pulse carbine and markerlight with an ion rifle or rail rifle.
• A Pathfinder Shas’ui may take a pulse pistol.
ABILITIES For the Greater Good: When an enemy model declares
a charge against a model from your kill team, models
from your kill team with this ability within 6" of one
of the charging model’ stargets may fire Overwatch as
if they were also targeted. Once a model has done so,
they cannot fire Overwatch or Retreat for the rest of
the phase.
Bonding Knife Ritual: Y oucan subtract 1 from Nerve
tests for Pathfinders, Pathfinder Gunners or Pathfinder
Shas’uis from your kill team within 3" of any friendly
models with this ability that are not shaken.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Pathfinder Shas’ui only), Sniper (Gunner only), Comms, Demolitions, Medic, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD T’ AUEMPIRE
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,P ATHFINDER
170

===== PDF page 172 =====

Fire W arriorBreacher
XV25 Stealth Battlesuit
FIRE WARRIOR BREACHER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Breacher Shas’la 6" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 6 4+ -
Breacher Shas’ui 6" 5+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 7 4+ 1
DS8 Tactical
Support Turret - - 4+ 3 3 1 0 4 4+ 1
A Breacher Shas’la or Breacher Shas’ui is armed with a pulse blaster and photon grenades.
One Breacher Shas’la in your kill team can be a Breacher Shas’ui.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • A Breacher Shas’la or Breacher Shas’ui may take a pulse pistol.
• A Breacher Shas’ui may instead replace its pulse blaster with a pulse pistol.
• A Breacher Shas’ui may take a markerlight.
• One Breacher Shas’la in your kill team may be accompanied by a DS8 Tactical Support T urret.A DS8 Tactical
Support T urretis equipped with either a missile pod or smart missile system.
ABILITIES For the Greater Good: When an enemy model declares
a charge against a model from your kill team, models
from your kill team with this ability within 6" of one
of the charging model’ stargets may fire Overwatch as
if they were also targeted. Once a model has done so,
they cannot fire Overwatch or Retreat for the rest of
the phase.
Bonding Knife Ritual: Y oucan subtract 1 from Nerve
tests for Breacher Shas’las or Breacher Shas’uis from
your kill team within 3" of any friendly models with
this ability that are not shaken.
DS8 Tactical Support Turret: A Tactical Support
T urretis set up within 2" of the model it accompanies
when that model is set up on the battlefield. It is
treated as a separate model, but cannot move for any
reason. If this model is more than 2" from the model
it accompanies at any point, it is removed from the
battlefield. It does not count as having been taken
out of action. Tactical Support T urretsmay not be
specialists, are not part of a fire team (pg 204) and do
not gain experience.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Breacher Shas’ui only), Comms, Demolitions, Medic, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD T’ AUEMPIRE
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,FIRE W ARRIORBREACHER
XV25 STEALTH BATTLESUIT
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Stealth Shas’ui 8" 5+ 4+ 4 4 2 2 7 3+ -
Stealth Shas’vre 8" 5+ 4+ 4 4 2 3 8 3+ 1
This model is armed with a burst cannon.
One Stealth Shas’ui in your kill team can be a Stealth Shas’vre.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • One Stealth Shas’ui or Stealth Shas’vre in your kill team may replace its burst cannon with a fusion blaster.
• A Stealth Shas’vre may take a markerlight and target lock.
ABILITIES For the Greater Good: When an enemy model declares
a charge against a model from your kill team, models
from your kill team with this ability within 6" of one
of the charging model’ stargets may fire Overwatch as
if they were also targeted. Once a model has done so,
they cannot fire Overwatch or Retreat for the rest of
the phase.
Bonding Knife Ritual: Y oucan subtract 1 from Nerve
tests for Stealth Shas’uis or Stealth Shas’vres from your
kill team within 3" of any friendly models with this
ability that are not shaken.
Target Lock: A model with a target lock does not suffer
the penalty to their hit rolls for Advancing and firing
Assault weapons.
Camouflage Fields: Y ouropponent must subtract 1
from all hit rolls for attacks that target this model.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Stealth Shas’vre only), Comms, Heavy, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD T’ AUEMPIRE
KEYWORDS BATTLESUIT,INFANTRY ,JET P ACK,FLY ,XV25 STEALTH BATTLESUIT
171

===== PDF page 173 =====

Drone
MV1 Gun
Drone
MV31 Pulse
Accelerator Drone
MV33 Grav-
inhibitor Drone
MB3 Recon DroneMV4 Shield
Drone
MV36 Guardian
Drone
MV7 Marker
Drone
DRONE
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
MV1 Gun Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 3 4 1 1 6 5+ -
MV4 Shield Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 3 4 1 1 6 5+ -
MV7 Marker Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 3 4 1 1 6 5+ -
MV36 Guardian Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 3 4 1 1 6 5+ 1
MV33 Grav-inhibitor
Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 3 4 1 1 6 5+ 1
MV31 Pulse Accelerator
Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 3 4 1 1 6 5+ 1
MB3 Recon Drone 8" 5+ 5+ 4 4 2 1 6 5+ 1
An MV1 Gun Drone is equipped with two pulse carbines.
• Any MV1 Gun Drone can be an MV4 Shield Drone. An MV4 Shield Drone is equipped with a shield generator instead of two pulse carbines.
• Any MV1 Gun Drone can be an MV7 Marker Drone. An MV7 Marker Drone is equipped with a markerlight instead of two pulse carbines.
• If your kill team includes any FIRE W ARRIORBREACHERS or FIRE W ARRIORS, one MV1 Gun Drone in your kill team can be an MV36
Guardian Drone. An MV36 Guardian Drone has no equipment.
• If your kill team includes any P ATHFINDERS, one MV1 Gun Drone in your kill team can be an MV33 Grav-inhibitor Drone, one MV1 Gun
Drone in your kill team can be an MV31 Pulse Accelerator Drone and one MV1 Gun Drone in your kill team can be an MB3 Recon Drone. An
MV33 Grav-inhibitor Drone has no equipment. An MV31 Pulse Accelerator Drone has no equipment. An MB3 Recon Drone is equipped with
a burst cannon instead of two pulse carbines.
ABILITIES Support Subroutines: Drones cannot be specialists, are
not part of a fire team and cannot gain experience.
For the Greater Good: When an enemy model declares
a charge against a model from your kill team, models
from your kill team with this ability within 6" of one
of the charging model’ stargets may fire Overwatch as
if they were also targeted. Once a model has done so,
they cannot fire Overwatch or Retreat for the rest of
the phase.
Saviour Protocols: If a DRONE is within 3" of a
friendly T’ AUEMPIRE INFANTRY model when an
enemy attack successfully wounds it, you can inflict a
mortal wound on the Drone, and the target model does
not suffer any damage from this attack.
Guardian Fields (Guardian Drone only): A Guardian
Drone has a 5+ invulnerable save. Friendly T’ AU
EMPIRE models within 6" of this model have a 6+
invulnerable save.
Gravity W aveProjector (MV33 Grav-inhibitor
Drone): Enemy models beginning a charge move within
12" of any Grav-inhibitor Drones reduce their charge
distance by D3".
Pulse Accelerator (MV31 Pulse Accelerator Drone
only): Whilst a T’ AUEMPIRE INFANTRY model is
within 3" of a friendly Pulse Accelerator Drone, increase
the Range characteristic of that model’ spulse pistol,
pulse carbine or pulse rifle by 6".
Recon Suite (MB3 Recon Drone only): At the start of
the Shooting phase, you can choose a P ATHFINDER
from your kill team within 6" of a friendly Recon Drone.
Until the end of the phase, that model does not suffer
penalties to their hit and Injury rolls due to their target
being obscured.
Shield Generator: A model with a shield generator has a
4+ invulnerable save.
FACTION KEYWORD T’ AUEMPIRE
KEYWORDS FLY ,DRONE
172

===== PDF page 174 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Burst cannon 18" Assault 4 5 0 1 -
Fusion blaster 18" Assault 1 8 -4 D6
If the target is within half range of this weapon, roll
two dice when inflicting damage with it and discard the
lowest result.
Ion rifle When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Standard 30" Rapid Fire 1 7 -1 1 -
- Overcharge 30" Heavy D3 8 -1 2
If you make one or more unmodified hit rolls of 1, the
bearer suffers a mortal wound after all of this weapon’ s
shots have been resolved.
Markerlight 36" Heavy 1 - - - Markerlights (pg 169)
Missile pod 36" Assault 2 7 -1 D3 -
Photon grenade 12" Grenade D6 - - -
This weapon does not inflict any damage. Y ouropponent
must subtract 1 from hit rolls made for INFANTRY
models that have suffered any hits from photon grenades
until the end of the battle round.
Pulse blaster When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Close range 5" Assault 2 6 -2 1 -
- Medium range 10" Assault 2 5 -1 1 -
- Long range 15" Assault 2 4 0 1 -
Pulse carbine 18" Assault 2 5 0 1 -
Pulse pistol 12" Pistol 1 5 0 1 -
Pulse rifle 30" Rapid Fire 1 5 0 1 -
Rail rifle 30" Rapid Fire 1 6 -4 D3
For each wound roll of 6+ made for this weapon, the
target model suffers a mortal wound in addition to the
normal damage.
Smart missile system 30" Heavy 4 5 0 1
This weapon can be fired at models that are not visible to
the bearer. If the target is not visible to the bearer, a 6 is
required for a successful hit roll, irrespective of the firing
model’ sBallistic Skill or any modifiers.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Shas’la 8
- Shas’ui 8
- DS8 Tactical Support T urret 0
Breacher Shas’la 8
- Breacher Shas’ui 8
- DS8 Tactical Support T urret 0
Pathfinder 6
- Pathfinder Gunner 7
- Pathfinder Shas’ui 7
Stealth Shas’ui 20
- Stealth Shas’vre 20
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Burst cannon 0
Fusion blaster 4
Ion rifle 3
Markerlight 0
Missile pod 7
Photon grenade 0
Pulse blaster 0
Pulse carbine 0
Pulse pistol 0
Pulse rifle 0
Rail rifle 5
Smart missile system 5
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Target lock 1
KILL TEAM DRONES
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Includes wargear)
MV1 Gun Drone 7
- MV4 Shield Drone 7
- MV7 Marker Drone 7
- MV36 Guardian Drone 7
- MV33 Grav-inhibitor Drone 7
- MV31 Pulse Accelerator Drone 7
- MB3 Recon Drone 7
173

===== PDF page 175 =====

TYRANIDS
TYRANIDS
The Tyranids are an utterly alien race that is inimical to
all other forms of life. Sailing the void in vast living craft
known as hive ships, billions of Tyranid bioforms wait
in suspended animation to be woken once more as a
new prey world heaves into view. Guided by the godlike
meta-sentience known as the Hive Mind, countless
splinter fleets of hive ships push into the galaxy from
every direction, tendrils questing through the outer
dark until they find a living, breathing world to wrap
themselves around so that it may be fed upon.
When a Tyranid fleet locates a new world or system to
attack, the immense swarms of weaponised lifeforms
aboard each craft awaken. Hurled down upon the prey
world in spore-like drop craft, the Tyranids attack in
wave after wave, successively larger and more terrifying
monstrosities falling upon the enemy’ sdefences until
at last every living defender has been dragged down
and devoured. Y etthey do not stop there – the Tyranids
break down and ingest every shred of organic matter
on the planet. Their digestion pools roil and spit as
the planet’ sbiomass is broken down in their churning
depths before being sucked up by the jostling hive
ships. Even the oceans and the atmosphere itself are
consumed, until nothing remains but an arid, lifeless
rock left drifting in the Tyranids’ wake.
Tyranid kill teams are made up of a variety of horrific
bioforms, from swarming packs of savage Gaunts to
towering Tyranid W arriorsand other, more specialised
creatures. Each organism is adapted for the sole purpose
of slaughtering other living beings so that their biomass
Driven by an all-consuming imperative to feed, the Tyranids devour entire worlds, leaving them as little
more than barren rocks devoid of all life. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following
pages, you can generate names and background for your Tyranids kill teams.
may be absorbed and re-purposed by the Tyranid hive
fleets. In place of artificial armour, Tyranids are clad in
organic chitinous plates and possess massive blade-like
claws, row upon row of armour-puncturing fangs, and
projectile weapons wrought of living tissue. T ogether,
the Tyranids within a kill team function like a single
predatory beast, stalking their prey across desolate
ruinscapes and through darkened underhives before
moving in for the kill.
Tyranid kill teams are despatched to prepare a prey
world for full-scale invasion. Small groups of Tyranid
warrior-organisms are vomited forth by their orbiting
hive ship to infiltrate the planet’ scities and fortresses,
undermine its defences and sow terror throughout its
populace. The Tyranids within such kill teams carry out
their imperative without question, adapting their tactics
with disturbing rapidity to wreak ever more carnage
until their hive fleet arrives.
THE SHADOW IN THE W ARP
As a Tyranid hive fleet approaches a prey world,
it casts a pall of psychic disturbance ahead of
it that has become known as the Shadow in
the W arp.This effect has been described as
akin to the chittering of numberless insects, or
the unshakeable feeling of being watched by
a monstrously hungry entity. Not only does it
smother the psychic abilities of those beings caught
within its sphere of influence, it also gnaws at their
sanity until they are driven mad or killed outright.
So do the hive fleets isolate worlds, choking off
their psychic distress cries before they can even
begin to ring out across the void…
174

===== PDF page 176 =====

D10 MISSION: BROOD IMPERATIVE
1 Devour: These warrior-organisms must rip the enemy apart at close quarters and consume as much biomass as they can.
2 Infiltrate: This kill team seeks to bypass the prey’ sdefences, laying a pheromone trail for subsequent attack waves to follow.
3 Cull: The prey’ sleaders and specialists must be exterminated to facilitate a swift victory for the Hive Mind.
4 Swarm: If the prey are able to press their attack in this region, the Hive Mind’ sefforts will suffer. Their advance must be
slowed with ichor and chitin, the mouths of their guns choked with corpses.
5 T errify:The prey are strong here. The kill team must spread panic and confusion to weaken their defences.
6 Rampage: The task of this kill team is simple: to cause as much indiscriminate destruction and bloodshed as they can, for as
long as they can.
7 Stalk: This kill team must hunt the prey carefully, preserving their own biomass while striking only where they are
guaranteed to whittle down that of the foe.
8 Spread: The hides of these warrior-organisms have been altered to spew Tyranid spores that corrode machinery and
inorganic structures. They must spread the entropic touch of these spores as far as they can.
9 Protect: The prey are drawing perilously close to a crucial synaptic node. They must be driven back at all costs.
10 Shroud: The Shadow in the W arpmust be extended by devouring the prey’ sprotective psykers.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: BROOD STRAIN
1 Ravenous: This brood seeks to devour biomass at all costs, and their hunger is never sated.
2 Cautious: This brood probes carefully, and will swiftly pull back to try another route of attack if danger threatens.
3 Slinking: The beasts of this brood scurry through sewer pipes and crawl through ducts to attack from unexpected quarters.
4 Bladed Shoal: These warrior-organisms flock together in perfect synchronicity, moving as one across the battlefield.
5 Inescapable Hunters: These beasts stalk their prey relentlessly and will pursue them without rest or mercy.
6 Shrieker Brood: These warrior-organisms are adapted to utter horrifying predatory shrieks as they storm into battle.
7 Sizzling Gore: These creatures have concentrated bio-acid running through their bodies that bursts out to spray those who
wound them.
8 Heightened Senses: These beasts have specially honed sensory biomorphs that allow them to react with near-prescient speed
to the actions of their prey.
9 Shorn of Synapse: This brood has gone beyond the reach of the Hive Mind, and now acts on predatory instinct alone.
10 Catalysed: When these bioforms attack, they do so in a violent frenzy that sees them hurl themselves at the enemy with
suicidal ferocity.
D10 BACKGROUND: BROOD CLASSIFICATION
1 Stealth Brood: This kill team comprises beasts that are highly adapted to slinking unseen through the enemy lines.
2 Devourer Brood: These Tyranids excel in rapidly breaking down and devouring the biomass of their enemies.
3 Swiftkiller Brood: This kill team is made up of fast, hard-hitting warrior-organisms.
4 Highcrawler Brood: This kill team comprises agile, lightweight beasts that stay high and strike from rooftops and gantries.
5 Bombardment Brood: These warrior-organisms are specialised for ranged combat, picking their enemies off in
ferocious firefights.
6 Kill-swarm: This kill team uses numbers to its advantage, flooding the combat zone with expendable organisms.
7 Living Barricade: These war beasts are thickly armoured in chitin and bone, able to soak up tremendous punishment as they
overwhelm their foes.
8 Alpha Pack: This kill team comprises elite organisms, their numbers small but their combat abilities fearsome.
9 Ambush Brood: These lethal hunter-killer organisms excel at laying for long periods of time in wait for their prey before
bursting forth to slaughter them.
10 Kingslayer Brood: This kill team comprises a mix of bioforms designed to work together to eliminate any target no matter
how well defended. Some have been spawned to track their prey, some to make the kill, and others to devour its remains.
175

===== PDF page 177 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ BIO-ADAPTATIONS
1 Hive Node: This beast amplifies the control of the Hive
Mind over nearby warrior-organisms.
2 Sentient Ammunition: The bio-shot from this creature’s
weapons is able to actively seek out its targets.
3
Entangling T endrils:Clumps of revolting frond-like
pseudopods sprout from this beast’ shide, entangling
enemies with their clammy touch.
4
Synaptophage: This beast can devour the brain matter
of its foes to glean some instinctive understanding of
their plans and secrets.
5 Guardian Beast: This Tyranid’sbehaviour leads it to
viciously pursue those who threaten its broodkin.
6
Survival Instincts: This beast possesses something akin
to a sixth sense for danger, leaving the prey panicking as
their cunning ambushes and booby traps catch nothing
but air.
7 Bloodhunger: With every victim this beast devours, its
metabolism accelerates and its ferocity increases.
8
Unsettling Presence: This beast emits a disturbing echo
of the Shadow in the W arp,leaving nearby enemies
uncomfortable and on edge.
9
Lurker: Where possible, this beast sticks to the shadows,
slinking towards the enemy through the densest cover
it can find.
10
Mimic: Through convulsions of bio-resonators in
its thoracic cavity, this beast can mimic words and
sounds uttered by its prey, luring them into traps or
horrifying them.
BROOD NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D66 FIRST TITLE SECOND TITLE
11 The Omega Infestation
12 The Creeping Talon
13 The Crimson Fang
14 The Kraken’s Claw
15 The Leviathan’ s T endril
16 The Behemoth’s Coil
21 Jormungandr’ s Eye
22 The Serpent’ s Brood
23 The Hydra’ s Shadow
24 The Rising Dread
25 The Devouring Swarm
26 The Looming Barb
31 The Gorgon’ s Jaws
32 The Ravening Assassins
33 The Kolorian Slayers
34 The Icharian Executioners
35 The Writhing Ghosts
36 The Inescapable Echo
41 The Dark T errors
42 Kronos’ Horrors
43 The Nightmare Lurkers
44 Tiamet’ s Heralds
45 The Ominous Sting
46 Ouroboris’ Bite
51 The Ancient Doom
52 The Slithering Butchers
53 The Bladed Devils
54 The Monstrous Wraiths
55 The Elder Menace
56 The Nameless Shroud
61 The Hunter’ s Annihilators
62 The Formless Scream
63 The Sudden Pall
64 The V oid Devourers
65 The Lurking Stalkers
66 The Hungry Maw
176

===== PDF page 178 =====

Tyranid Kill T eams
TYRANID KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the TYRANIDS Faction keyword, you can use Tyranids Tactics.
SCORCH BUGS
Tyranids Tactic
Use this Tactic when a T ermagantwith a fleshborer
from your kill team is chosen to shoot in the
Shooting phase. Add 1 to wound rolls for that
model until the end of the phase.
1 COMMAND POINT
LURK
Tyranids Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Movement phase. Pick a
model from your kill team that has not yet moved.
That model may not move this phase, but for the
rest of the battle round, if this model is obscured,
shooting attacks that target this model suffer an
additional -1 modifier to their hit rolls.
1 COMMAND POINT
METABOLIC OVERDRIVE
Tyranids Tactic
Use this Tactic in the Movement phase, after
moving a model from your kill team. Y oucan
make a second move with that model, but if you
do, the model cannot shoot this battle round. In
addition, roll a D6; on a 1 the model suffers 1
mortal wound.
2 COMMAND POINTS
HUNTING ROAR
Tyranids Tactic
Use this Tactic when a TYRANID W ARRIOR
from your kill team finishes a charge move
within 1" of any enemy models. Y oucan re-roll
failed hit rolls for models from your kill team
within 6" of that Tyranid W arriorin the Fight
phase in this battle round.
2 COMMAND POINTS
CAUSTIC BLOOD
Tyranids Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
loses a wound in the Fight phase. Roll a D6 for
each enemy model within 1" of that model. On a 6
that enemy model suffers 1 mortal wound after all
of its attacks have been resolved.
1 COMMAND POINT
FEEDER TENDRILS
Tyranids Tactic
Use this Tactic when a GENESTEALER or
LICTOR from your kill team takes an enemy
Leader out of action in the Fight phase. Gain D3
Command Points.
1 COMMAND POINT
‘They came from the darkness, moving faster than the eye could follow. Monsters, with jagged fangs and
slashing talons and yellow eyes. W efought as best we could, Emperor knows we did. It wasn’t enough. Not
nearly enough. Only Jenks and I made it out, and if it takes me the rest of my days I swear we will have
vengeance… ’
- Veteran Sergeant Rachelyn Culcher, 45th Nachtmor Chargers
177

===== PDF page 179 =====

T ermagant
Hormagaunt
Lictor
TERMAGANT
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
T ermagant 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 5 6+ -
This model is armed with a fleshborer.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its fleshborer with a devourer or spinefists.
• This model may take toxin sacs and/or adrenal glands.
ABILITIES Instinctive Behaviour: Unless this model is within 24"
of a friendly SYNAPSE model, you must subtract 1 from
any hit rolls made for it when shooting any target other
than the nearest visible enemy model, and subtract
2 from charge rolls made for it if it declares a charge
against any model other than the nearest enemy model.
Adrenal Glands: If a model has adrenal glands, add
1" to the distance it can move when it Advances
or charges.
T oxinSacs: Any wound rolls of 6+ in the Fight phase
for a model with toxin sacs cause 1 additional damage.
SPECIALISTS Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD TYRANIDS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,TERMAGANT
HORMAGAUNT
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Hormagaunt 8" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 5 6+ -
This model is armed with a pair of scything talons.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may take toxin sacs and/or adrenal glands.
ABILITIES Instinctive Behaviour: Unless this model is within 24"
of a friendly SYNAPSE model, you must subtract 1 from
any hit rolls made for it when shooting any target other
than the nearest visible enemy model, and subtract
2 from charge rolls made for it if it declares a charge
against any model other than the nearest enemy model.
Bounding Leap: Whenever this model piles in or
consolidates, it can move up to 6".
Adrenal Glands: If a model has adrenal glands, add
1" to the distance it can move when it Advances
or charges.
T oxinSacs: Any wound rolls of 6+ in the Fight phase
for a model with toxin sacs cause 1 additional damage.
SPECIALISTS Combat, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD TYRANIDS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,HORMAGAUNT
LICTOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Lictor 9" 2+ 4+ 6 4 4 3 9 5+ -
This model is armed with flesh hooks, grasping talons and rending claws.
ABILITIES Chameleonic Skin: When an enemy player makes a hit roll for a shooting attack that targets this model, and
this model is obscured, that hit roll suffers an additional -1 modifier.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Combat, Comms, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD TYRANIDS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,LICTOR
178

===== PDF page 180 =====

Tyranid W arrior
Genestealer
‘Lord Governor, allow me to impress upon you the horrific nature of the creatures that I have hunted to
your world. There is no defence you can raise that they will not penetrate, no guard you can post that they
will not slay. I am your only hope, Governor, for they are already here. ’
- Inquisitor Lysette Astromar
GENESTEALER
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Genestealer 8" 3+ 4+ 4 4 1 3 9 5+ -
This model is armed with rending claws.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may take a pair of scything talons.
• This model may take toxin sacs and/or an extended carapace.
• One Genestealer in your kill team may take an acid maw.
• One other Genestealer in your kill team may take flesh hooks.
ABILITIES Extended Carapace: A model with an extended
carapace has a Save characteristic of 4+ but loses the
Swift and Deadly ability.
Lightning Reflexes: This model has a 5+
invulnerable save.
Swift and Deadly: Y oucan re-roll failed charge rolls for
this model.
T oxinSacs: Any wound rolls of 6+ in the Fight phase for
a model with toxin sacs cause 1 additional damage.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Combat, Scout, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD TYRANIDS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,GENESTEALER
TYRANID WARRIOR
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Tyranid W arrior 6" 3+ 4+ 4 4 3 3 9 4+ -
Tyranid W arriorGunner 6" 3+ 4+ 4 4 3 3 9 4+ 1
This model is armed with a pair of scything talons and a devourer.
One Tyranid W arriorin your kill team can be a Tyranid W arriorGunner.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its scything talons with rending claws, boneswords or a lash whip and bonesword.
• This model may replace its devourer with a deathspitter, spinefists, rending claws, boneswords, a pair of scything
talons or a lash whip and bonesword.
• A Tyranid W arriorGunner may instead replace its devourer with a barbed strangler or venom cannon.
• This model may take flesh hooks.
• This model may take toxin sacs and/or adrenal glands.
ABILITIES Synapse: TYRANIDS models automatically pass Nerve
tests while within 12" of any friendly models with
this ability.
Shadow in the W arp:Subtract 1 from any psychic tests
made for enemy PSYKERS within 18" of a model with
this ability. TYRANIDS PSYKERS are not affected.
Adrenal Glands: If a model has adrenal glands, add
1" to the distance it can move when it Advances
or charges.
T oxinSacs: Any wound rolls of 6+ in the Fight phase
for a model with toxin sacs cause 1 additional damage.
SPECIALISTS Heavy (Gunner only), Leader, Combat, Comms, Veteran
FACTION KEYWORD TYRANIDS
KEYWORDS INFANTRY ,SYNAPSE, TYRANID W ARRIOR
179

===== PDF page 181 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Barbed strangler 36" Assault D6 5 -1 1 -
Deathspitter 24" Assault 3 5 -1 1 -
Devourer 18" Assault 3 4 0 1 -
Flesh hooks 6" Assault 2 User 0 1
Thi s weapon can be fired within 1" of an enemy
model, and can target enemy models within 1" of
friendly models.
Fleshborer 12" Assault 1 4 0 1 -
Spinefists 12" Pistol * 3 0 1 When a model fires this weapon, it makes a number of
shots equal to its Attacks characteristic.
V enomcannon 36" Assault D3 8 -2 D3 -
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Acid maw Melee Melee User -3 1 -
Boneswords Melee Melee User -2 1 A model armed with boneswords can make 1 additional
attack with them in the Fight phase.
Grasping talons Melee Melee User -1 2 -
Lash whip and bonesword Melee Melee User -2 1
If the bearer is taken out of action in the Fight phase
before it has made its attacks in that phase, it may
immediately fight before being removed from the
battlefield.
Rending claws Melee Melee User -1 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -4.
Scything talons Melee Melee User 0 1
Y oucan re-roll hit rolls of 1 for this weapon. If the
bearer has more than one pair of scything talons, it can
make 1 additional attack with this weapon each time
it fights.
KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Genestealer 11
Hormagaunt 4
Lictor 25
T ermagant 4
Tyranid W arrior 20
- Tyranid W arriorGunner 20
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Barbed strangler 3
Deathspitter 2
Devourer (T ermagant) 3
Devourer (Tyranid W arrior) 0
Flesh hooks 0
Fleshborer 0
Spinefists 0
V enomcannon 4
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Acid maw 0
Boneswords 0
Grasping talons 0
Lash whip and bonesword 1
Rending claws 0
Scything talons 0
OTHER WARGEAR
Wargear POINTS PER Item
Adrenal glands 1
Extended carapace 0
T oxinsacs 1
180

===== PDF page 182 =====

‘Th isbrood, that the planetary militia have
named the Writhing Shadow, they are without a
doubt the most ferociously lethal example of their
kind I have ever witnessed. Ready yourselves for
the fight of your lives… ’
- Inquisitor Lysette Astromar, Ordo Xenos
181

===== PDF page 183 =====

GENESTEALER CULTS
GENESTEALER CULTS
Genestealer Cults arise from the heaving masses of
Humanity that make up the Imperium. Sprawling
clandestine networks of desperate and downtrodden
individuals, each cult is bound by a fanatical belief that
they will be delivered from oppression by star-borne
saviours, a destiny towards which they are guided by the
insidious whispers of their monstrous Patriarch.
In truth, the Genestealer Cultists have been lied to in
the cruellest and most invasive way imaginable. Their
beloved Patriarch is, in fact, a Genestealer, a Tyranid
vanguard organism that uses its parasitic Genestealer’ s
Kiss to inject genetic material into unwitting human
hosts. These victims, brought into the Genestealer’ s
thrall by its foul touch, pass on that material to
successive generations of Acolytes and Neophytes until
the cult has proliferated through the underclasses of
whatever world is unfortunate enough to harbour it.
Over time, a well-established Genestealer Cult will
extend tendrils into the upper reaches of a world’ s
Ecclesiarchy, military and government, working always
towards the day when the great uprising can begin
and the star gods be welcomed with open arms. When
that moment comes, the warriors of the cult fight
with fanatical zeal and absolute devotion, compelled
by the xenos seed permeating their physiology and
indoctrinated into the belief that – when the star gods
arrive to validate their selfless quest – all those found
worthy will be taken up into paradise, there to enjoy
a blessed transcendence. In a terrible way, when the
ravenous hive fleets appear in the skies above the cult’ s
world, this belief holds an aspect of truth…
From dark depths and shadowy streets emerge the Genestealer Cultists, sinister figures united by a
worship of inscrutable star-borne entities. By rolling the appropriate dice on the tables on the following
pages, you can generate names and background for your Genestealer Cults kill teams.
Genestealer Cults kill teams initiate their brutal
insurrections armed with the tools supplied by their
oppressors, the industrial gear with which they have
been forced to toil for generations. Drills, saws, cutting
lasers and demolition charges, along with basic firearms
that are stolen or cobbled together, are put to violent
use against their enemies. Those members of a kill
team blessed with more advanced mutations fight with
diamond-hard claws and fangs, gutting with savage
frenzy those who oppose their cult’ suprising.
Wherever a Genestealer Cult exists, kill teams composed
of disparate insurrectionists group together to sabotage
and slaughter their foes. Such kill teams often emerge
from deep within the fabric of planet’ ssociety, or they
may arrive on a world via freighters and transports,
having infiltrated work crews, pilgrimages or colonising
expeditions. These kill teams fight with unflinching faith
in their eventual deliverance, and will turn their fury
upon any foreign invaders who come to take their world
from them before their saviours arrive.
LORDS OF THE CULT
As a Genestealer Cult grows, mutant strains
appear from amongst its later generations. Some
are Aberrants, genetic mishaps useful only as
shock troops and line-breakers. Y etthere are
others whose purpose is far closer to the divine.
The Primus, for example, serves as the cult’ swar
leader, a charismatic general with an instinctive
knowledge of battlefield tactics. The Magus,
meanwhile, acts as the Patriarch’ svizier, extending
their potent psychic influence to twist the minds
of loyal officials and force the cult’ senemies to
surrender their wills to that of the Patriarch.
182

===== PDF page 184 =====

D10 MISSION: SACRED TASK
1 Open Their Eyes: This kill team must drag the unanointed before the court of the Patriarch, so that they may witness the true
glory of the star saviours.
2 Feed the Progeny: The cult requires fresh meat for its Aberrant gene-kin…
3 Raid Supply Lines: With every shipment this kill team steals, the cult grows stronger and their enemies weaker.
4 Prepare the Killing Field: These warriors are charged with laying traps and minefields in preparation for the great uprising.
5 Sabotage Vital Machinery: This kill team must ensure that critical power, fuel and purification plants are rendered unusable.
6 Undertunnel Ambush: As the enemy blunders into cult territory unaware, this kill team prepare to take advantage of
their foolishness.
7 They Know T ooMuch: The enemy possesses critical intelligence that might expose the cult’ sactivities – this evidence must
be destroyed, along with any who have seen it.
8 Spread the Cult: This kill team must ensure that a cargo shipment containing a lurking Genestealer makes its way off-planet,
whatever the cost to themselves.
9 T earDown False Idols: This kill team must smash the enemy’ ssymbols of faith, and replace them with the blessed mark of
the wyrm-form.
10 From Below: These warriors have been tasked with breaching the enemy’ sholdings from underground, spreading terror and
confusion before fading away into the darkness.
D10 SQUAD QUIRK: GENE-DEVIANCE
1 Deep-dwellers: These warriors have lived underground for so long that they can sense nearby enemies merely by feeling the
tremors of the earth beneath their feet.
2 Gene-kin Cant: This team is so firmly bonded by xenos genes that its members converse in a bizarre series of clicks and
hisses that only they understand.
3 Rabid Evangelists: These warriors are zealous followers of the star gods, and in battle they proclaim their faith with wide-
eyed, spittle-flecked intensity.
4 Anarchists: These warriors delight in tearing down the old order, and setting fire to the institutions that once sought to
dominate them.
5 Devious Scum: These warriors will use any method, no matter how cruel or dishonourable, to destroy their foes.
6 Twisted Physiologies: Aberrations in the xenos gene have caused these warriors to develop a variety of unsettling mutations.
7 Fanatics: These warriors will stand and die rather than fail the cult.
8 Creeping Killers: These warriors stalk the shadows, seeking unwary victims to drag into the darkness.
9 Inhuman Cruelty: These warriors delight in tormenting those they see as their erstwhile oppressors.
10 Murderous: These warriors take any opportunity to spill the blood of their foes.
D10 BACKGROUND: CELL
1 Scavenger Cell: The members of this kill team are looters, stripping priceless ammunition, weapons and supplies for the cult
from the bodies of the dead.
2 The Prophet’sClaw: This kill team is the hand-picked retinue of a Genestealer Magus.
3 Tunnel Skulkers: These cultists are close-combat specialists who use demolition charges and mining tools to clear
subterranean zones.
4 Killers in the Fold: This kill team consists of gene-bonded kin who have long maintained their cover in the midst of the
unanointed, and now rise up to turn on their comrades.
5 Eyes of the Patriarch: These warriors are forward recon specialists who act as scouts for the cult.
6 Iconoclast Cell: This kill team are spreaders of the True Faith, who aim to destroy or deface their enemy’ sreligious
iconography in order to better honour the star gods.
7 Snatcher Cell: This hand-picked squad is tasked with abducting high-profile enemy leaders so that they may be granted the
Genestealer’ sKiss.
8 Shadowstalker Gene-kin: This kill team is made up of ambush experts who stalk the shadows.
9 Snare Setters: These cultists are combat engineers who lay improvised booby traps, mines and razor-wire snares across
contested ground.
10 Veterans of the First Cycle: These warriors are amongst the few survivors from the cult’ sfirst cycle of hybrids – hardened
killers who have honed their survival skills over generations.
183

===== PDF page 185 =====

D10 SPECIALISTS’ DEMEANOURS
1 Acidic Spittle: This warrior constantly drools trails of
caustic slime which scorch metal and flesh.
2
Strange Twitching: This warrior’ sface contorts
unnaturally, bones and veins shifting beneath its
pallid skin.
3
Enlightener: This warrior prefers to capture live
prisoners, that they may be given the gift of the
Genestealer’ sKiss.
4 Marker of the Dead: This warrior carves the wyrm-
form symbol into the flesh of each of their victims.
5 Unblinking: This warrior never closes their eyes, even
to sleep.
6 Proselytiser: In battle this warrior bellows prayers to
the star-spawned gods.
7
Tunnelspawn: This warrior has spent so long
underground that its eyes are sightless orbs of milk-
white. In lieu of sight, it tastes the air with a long,
flicking tongue to find its prey.
8
Destined Ascension: This cult’ sMagus has blessed
this warrior with a vision of their destiny, their final
ascension to join with the blessed Star Children. They
fight without fear or hesitation, knowing that this is not
their day to die.
9 Predatory Instincts: This warrior seeks out lone,
vulnerable enemies, falling upon them with vicious glee.
10 Born Survivor: This warrior is well used to fleeing from
trouble to fight again another day.
NEOPHYTE/ACOLYTE NAME GENERATOR TABLE
D66 Forename surname
11 Gannar Druchmann
12 Dhraz Kreel
13 Y ohrick Desh
14 Kol Cavorla
15 Hastun Krauss
16 Sayben Gardlinger
21 Hollan Zorbech
22 Narek Stennvar
23 Rauss V arnway
24 Basc Starn
25 Davon Baumgart
26 Zask Drisso
31 Nasser Sammer
32 Seimon Helm
33 Jacobiah Tarnright
34 Skir V alka
35 Ghaskin Kelbrech
36 Foyle Kheiser
41 Kreen Madrach
42 Judh V enner
43 Mordecai Novek
44 Isaak Svodnor
45 Michon Black
46 Jerec Barchus
51 Aldren Matterzhek
52 Madrax Onderghast
53 Vyrion Thrace
54 Hollun Lhaska
55 Steen Rezzekh
56 Pike Carleon
61 Mallick Drevender
62 Groust Seifer
63 Eldric Vreel
64 Y orl Xyben
65 Xandus Gorl
66 Crasker Arnalt
184

===== PDF page 186 =====

Genestealer Cult Kill T eams
GENESTEALER CULT KILL TEAMS
If every model in your kill team has the GENESTEALER CULTS Faction keyword, you can use Genestealer
Cults Tactics.
Purestrain Genestealers: When you add a Genestealer (pg 179) to your command roster (and create its datacard)
you can choose for it to have the GENESTEALER CULTS Faction keyword instead of the TYRANIDS Faction keyword.
UNNATURAL SENSES
Genestealer Cults Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
is declared as a target of a charge. That model may
fire Overwatch at the charging model, even if the
charging model is not visible to it. The target is
treated as obscured.
1 COMMAND POINT
DENSITY ANALYSIS LENSES
Genestealer Cults Tactic
Use this Tactic when you choose a model in your
kill team to shoot in the Shooting phase. Add 1
to hit rolls for that model against targets which
are obscured.
2 COMMAND POINTS
FRENZIED HAMMERING
Genestealer Cults Tactic
Use this Tactic when an ABERRANT from your
kill team armed with a power hammer attacks
in the Fight phase. Increase that model’ sAttacks
characteristic by D3 until the end of the phase, but
subtract 1 from hit rolls for that model’ sattacks
until the end of the phase.
2 COMMAND POINTS
STRENGTH OF FAITH
Genestealer Cults Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
suffers a mortal wound in the Psychic phase. Roll a
D6 for that mortal wound, and each other mortal
wound suffered by that model until the end of the
phase. On a roll of 5+ that wound is ignored and
has no effect.
1 COMMAND POINT
INDUSTRIAL BRUTALITY
Genestealer Cults Tactic
Use this Tactic after making attacks with a model
armed with a heavy rock drill, heavy rock saw or
heavy rock cutter in the Fight phase. Roll a D6. On
a 4+ that model may immediately fight again.
1 COMMAND POINT
INHUMAN REFLEXES
Genestealer Cults Tactic
Use this Tactic when a model from your kill team
fails a Falling test. It doesn’t suffer falling damage,
and won’tfall on another model. If it would,
instead place this model as close as possible to the
point where it would have landed. This can bring it
within 1" of an enemy model.
1 COMMAND POINT
‘Now is the time, brothers and sisters! Cast off the shackles of Imperial oppression! Embrace the love of
the Four-Armed Emperor. Cry rapturous welcome to the Star Children, for with their coming we shall all be
raised up to a higher state of unified glory. Praise be, brothers and sisters, for the Day of Ascension is upon
us!’
- Neophyte Leader Mordecai Storn
185

===== PDF page 187 =====

Acolyte Hybrid
Aberrant
ACOLYTE HYBRID
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Acolyte Hybrid 6" 3+ 4+ 4 3 1 2 7 5+ -
Acolyte Fighter 6" 3+ 4+ 4 3 1 2 7 5+ 4
Acolyte Leader 6" 3+ 4+ 4 3 1 3 8 5+ 1
This model is armed with an autopistol, cultist knife, rending claw and blasting charges.
Up to four Acolyte Hybrids in your kill team can be Acolyte Fighters, and one Acolyte Hybrid in your kill team can be an Acolyte Leader.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its autopistol with a hand flamer.
• An Acolyte Leader may instead replace its cultist knife with a bonesword, or its autopistol and cultist knife with a
lash whip and bonesword.
• An Acolyte Fighter may replace their cultist knife and rending claw with a heavy rock drill, heavy rock saw,
heavy rock cutter or demolition charges.
• One Acolyte Hybrid in your kill team may take a cult icon.
ABILITIES Cult Ambush: After deployment but before the first
battle round, roll a D6 for this model. On a 5+ this
model can immediately move up to 6".
Cult Icon: Y oucan re-roll hit rolls of 1 for models
within 6" of a friendly model with a cult icon in the
Fight phase.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Leader only), Demolitions (Fighter only), Combat, Comms, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD GENESTEALER CULTS
KEYWORDS TYRANIDS, INFANTRY ,ACOLYTE HYBRID
ABERRANT
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Aberrant 6" 3+ 6+ 5 4 2 2 7 5+ -
This model is armed with a power pick and rending claw.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its power pick with a power hammer.
ABILITIES Cult Ambush: After deployment but before the first
battle round, roll a D6 for this model. On a 5+ this
model can immediately move up to 6".
Bestial Vigour: When inflicting damage on this model,
reduce the damage of the attack by 1 to a minimum
of 1.
SPECIALISTS Leader, Combat, Demolitions, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD GENESTEALER CULTS
KEYWORDS TYRANIDS, INFANTRY ,ABERRANT
186

===== PDF page 188 =====

NeophyteHybrid
Hybrid
Metamorph
‘T osimply hurl ourselves into their guns would not best serve the Grandsire, my friends. W eare a
guerrilla army, insurgents and freedom fighters, and thus we must think not in straight lines, but in arcs
and angles. Circumnavigate our enemies’ strength and strike where they are weakest, for by dictating the
shape of the battle shall we find victory. ’
- Y orlKrauss, People’s Hero of Magnius Delta, favoured son of the Cult of the Pauper Princes
NEOPHYTE HYBRID
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Neophyte Hybrid 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ -
Neophyte Gunner 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 1 7 5+ 4
Neophyte Leader 6" 4+ 4+ 3 3 1 2 8 5+ 1
This model is armed with an autogun, autopistol and blasting charges.
Up to four Neophyte Hybrids in your kill team can be Neophyte Gunners, and one Neophyte Hybrid in your kill team can be a Neophyte Leader.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may replace its autogun with a shotgun.
• A Neophyte Leader may instead replace its autogun and autopistol with one of the following pistols and one
of the following melee weapons: autopistol, bolt pistol or web pistol; chainsword, power maul or power pick.
• Up to two Neophyte Gunners may replace their autogun with a flamer, grenade launcher or webber.
• Up to two Neophyte Gunners may replace their autogun with a heavy stubber, mining laser or seismic cannon.
• One Neophyte Hybrid in your kill team may take a cult icon.
ABILITIES Cult Ambush: After deployment but before the first
battle round, roll a D6 for this model. On a 5+ this
model can immediately move up to 6".
Cult Icon: Y oucan re-roll hit rolls of 1 for models
within 6" of a friendly model with a cult icon in the
Fight phase.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Leader only), Heavy (Gunner only), Demolitions, Medic, Scout, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD GENESTEALER CULTS
KEYWORDS TYRANIDS, INFANTRY ,NEOPHYTE HYBRID
HYBRID METAMORPH
NAME M WS BS S T W A Ld Sv Max
Hybrid Metamorph 6" 3+ 4+ 4 3 1 3 7 5+ -
Metamorph Leader 6" 3+ 4+ 4 3 1 4 8 5+ 1
This model is armed with an autopistol, rending claw, Metamorph talon and blasting charges.
One Hybrid Metamorph in your kill team can be a Metamorph Leader.
WARGEAR OPTIONS • This model may do one of the following:
- replace its rending claw with a Metamorph talon
- replace its Metamorph talon with a Metamorph whip
- replace its Metamorph talon and rending claw with a Metamorph claw
• This model may replace its autopistol with a hand flamer.
• A Metamorph Leader may take a bonesword.
• One Hybrid Metamorph in your kill team may take a cult icon.
ABILITIES Cult Ambush: After deployment but before the first
battle round, roll a D6 for this model. On a 5+ this
model can immediately move up to 6".
Cult Icon: Y oucan re-roll hit rolls of 1 for models
within 6" of a friendly model with a cult icon in the
Fight phase.
SPECIALISTS Leader (Leader only), Combat, Comms, Demolitions, Zealot
FACTION KEYWORD GENESTEALER CULTS
KEYWORDS TYRANIDS, INFANTRY ,HYBRID METAMORPH
187

===== PDF page 189 =====

Weapon Profiles and Points
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Autogun 24" Rapid Fire 1 3 0 1 -
Autopistol 12" Pistol 1 3 0 1 -
Blasting charge 6" Grenade D6 3 0 1 -
Bolt pistol 12" Pistol 1 4 0 1 -
Demolition charge 6" Grenade D6 8 -3 D3 Each demolition charge can only be used once per battle.
Flamer 8" Assault D6 4 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Grenade launcher When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below.
- Frag grenade 24" Assault D6 3 0 1 -
- Krak grenade 24" Assault 1 6 -1 D3 -
Hand flamer 6" Pistol D3 3 0 1 This weapon automatically hits its target.
Heavy stubber 36" Heavy 3 4 0 1 -
Mining laser 24" Heavy 1 9 -3 D3 -
Seismic cannon When attacking with this weapon, choose one of the profiles below. All wound rolls of 6+ have an AP of -4.
- Long-wave 24" Heavy 4 3 0 1 -
- Short-wave 12" Heavy 2 6 -1 2 -
Shotgun 12" Assault 2 3 0 1 If the target is within half range, add 1 to this weapon’ s
Strength.
W ebpistol 12" Pistol D3 3 0 1
When making a shooting attack with a web weapon, you
can use either the Strength or T oughnesscharacteristic
of the target to determine the wound roll – whichever
is lowest.
W ebber 16" Assault D3 4 0 1
When making a shooting attack with a web weapon, you
can use either the Strength or T oughnesscharacteristic
of the target to determine the wound roll – whichever
is lowest.
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON RANGE TYPE S AP D ABILITIES
Bonesword Melee Melee User -2 1 -
Chainsword Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Cultist knife Melee Melee User 0 1 Each time the bearer fights, it can make 1 additional
attack with this weapon.
Heavy rock cutter Melee Melee x2 -4 2
Roll a D6 each time a model suffers damage from this
weapon; if you roll higher than the model’ sremaining
number of W ounds,it is instantly taken out of action.
When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
Heavy rock drill Melee Melee x2 -3 1
Roll a D6 each time a model suffers damage from this
weapon; on a 2+ the model suffers a mortal wound and
you can roll another D6. This time, the model suffers a
mortal wound on a 3+. Keep rolling a D6, increasing the
score required to cause a mortal wound by 1 each time,
until the model is taken out of action or the roll is failed.
Heavy rock saw Melee Melee x2 -4 2 -
Lash whip and bonesword Melee Melee User -2 1
If the bearer is taken out of action in the Fight
phase before it has made its attacks in that phase,
it may immediately fight before being removed from
the battlefield.
Metamorph claw Melee Melee +2 0 1 -
Metamorph talon Melee Melee User 0 1 Add 1 to all hit rolls for this weapon.
Metamorph whip Melee Melee User 0 1
If the bearer is taken out of action in the Fight phase
before it has made its attacks in that phase, it may
immediately fight before being removed from the
battlefield.
Power hammer Melee Melee x2 -3 3 When attacking with this weapon, you must subtract 1
from the hit roll.
Power maul Melee Melee +2 -1 1 -
Power pick Melee Melee User -2 D3 -
Rending claw Melee Melee User -1 1 Each time you make a wound roll of 6+ for this weapon,
that hit is resolved with an AP of -4.
188

===== PDF page 190 =====

KILL TEAM
MODEL POINTS PER MODEL
(Does not include wargear)
Aberrant 15
Acolyte Hybrid 7
- Acolyte Fighter 8
- Acolyte Leader 8
Hybrid Metamorph 8
- Metamorph Leader 9
Neophyte Hybrid 5
- Neophyte Gunner 6
- Neophyte Leader 6
RANGED WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Autogun 0
Autopistol 0
Blasting charge 0
Bolt pistol 0
Demolition charge 3
Flamer 3
Grenade launcher 2
Hand flamer 2
Heavy stubber 0
Mining laser 3
Seismic cannon 2
Shotgun 0
W ebpistol 0
W ebber 1
MELEE WEAPONS
WEAPON POINTS PER WEAPON
Bonesword 1
Chainsword 0
Cultist knife 0
Heavy rock cutter 4
Heavy rock drill 5
Heavy rock saw 4
Lash whip and bonesword 2
Metamorph claw 1
Metamorph talon 0
Metamorph whip 1
Power hammer 4
Power maul 1
Power pick 3
Rending claw 0
OTHER WARGEAR
WARGEAR POINTS PER ITEM
Cult icon 5
189